Project Path: \\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit

Source Tree:

```
Website-Kit
├── LICENSE.md
├── netlify.toml
├── package-lock.json
├── package.json
├── README.md
└── src
    ├── admin
    │   ├── config.yml
    │   └── index.html
    ├── assets
    │   ├── css
    │   │   ├── about.css
    │   │   ├── about.css.map
    │   │   ├── blog.css
    │   │   ├── blog.css.map
    │   │   ├── contact.css
    │   │   ├── contact.css.map
    │   │   ├── critical.css
    │   │   ├── critical.css.map
    │   │   ├── dark.css
    │   │   ├── dark.css.map
    │   │   ├── local.css
    │   │   ├── local.css.map
    │   │   ├── projects.css
    │   │   ├── projects.css.map
    │   │   ├── reviews.css
    │   │   ├── reviews.css.map
    │   │   ├── root.css
    │   │   └── root.css.map
    │   ├── favicons
    │   │   ├── android-chrome-192x192.png
    │   │   ├── android-chrome-384x384.png
    │   │   ├── apple-touch-icon.png
    │   │   ├── browserconfig.xml
    │   │   ├── favicon-16x16.png
    │   │   ├── favicon-32x32.png
    │   │   ├── favicon.ico
    │   │   ├── mstile-150x150.png
    │   │   └── site.webmanifest
    │   ├── fonts
    │   │   ├── roboto-v29-latin-700.woff
    │   │   ├── roboto-v29-latin-700.woff2
    │   │   ├── roboto-v29-latin-900.woff
    │   │   ├── roboto-v29-latin-900.woff2
    │   │   ├── roboto-v29-latin-regular.woff
    │   │   └── roboto-v29-latin-regular.woff2
    │   ├── images
    │   │   ├── blog
    │   │   │   └── landing.jpg
    │   │   ├── cabinets-m.jpg
    │   │   ├── cabinets2-m.jpg
    │   │   ├── cabinets2-m.webp
    │   │   ├── cabinets2.jpg
    │   │   ├── construction-m.jpg
    │   │   ├── construction-m.webp
    │   │   ├── construction.jpg
    │   │   ├── landing-m.jpg
    │   │   ├── landing-m.webp
    │   │   ├── landing.jpg
    │   │   ├── landing.webp
    │   │   ├── logo-small.png
    │   │   ├── portfolio
    │   │   │   ├── port1-m.jpg
    │   │   │   ├── port1.jpg
    │   │   │   ├── port2-m.jpg
    │   │   │   ├── port2.jpg
    │   │   │   ├── port3-m.jpg
    │   │   │   ├── port3.jpg
    │   │   │   ├── port4-m.jpg
    │   │   │   ├── port4.jpg
    │   │   │   ├── port5-m.jpg
    │   │   │   ├── port5.jpg
    │   │   │   ├── port6-m.jpg
    │   │   │   ├── port6.jpg
    │   │   │   ├── port7-m.jpg
    │   │   │   ├── port7.jpg
    │   │   │   ├── port8-m.jpg
    │   │   │   ├── port8.jpg
    │   │   │   ├── port9-m.jpg
    │   │   │   └── port9.jpg
    │   │   └── skyscraper.jpg
    │   ├── js
    │   │   ├── dark.js
    │   │   └── nav.js
    │   ├── sass
    │   │   ├── about.scss
    │   │   ├── blog.scss
    │   │   ├── contact.scss
    │   │   ├── critical.scss
    │   │   ├── dark.scss
    │   │   ├── local.scss
    │   │   ├── projects.scss
    │   │   ├── reviews.scss
    │   │   └── root.scss
    │   └── svgs
    │       ├── check.svg
    │       ├── content-circles.svg
    │       ├── cta-squares.svg
    │       ├── logo-black.svg
    │       ├── logo-white.svg
    │       ├── moon.svg
    │       ├── profile-woman.svg
    │       ├── profile.svg
    │       ├── service1.svg
    │       ├── service2.svg
    │       ├── service3.svg
    │       ├── stars.svg
    │       ├── sun-icon.svg
    │       └── sun.svg
    ├── config
    │   ├── css.js
    │   ├── javascript.js
    │   ├── postDate.js
    │   ├── server.js
    │   └── sitemap.js
    ├── content
    │   ├── blog
    │   │   ├── acuti-modo.md
    │   │   ├── blog.json
    │   │   ├── canitiem-saxa.md
    │   │   └── sucos-creati.md
    │   ├── content.json
    │   └── pages
    │       ├── about.html
    │       ├── blog.html
    │       ├── contact.html
    │       ├── project-one.html
    │       ├── project-two.html
    │       ├── projects.html
    │       ├── reviews.html
    │       └── _template.txt
    ├── index.html
    ├── robots.html
    ├── sitemap.html
    ├── _data
    │   └── client.js
    ├── _includes
    │   ├── components
    │   │   ├── cta.html
    │   │   ├── featured-post.html
    │   │   ├── footer.html
    │   │   └── header.html
    │   └── layouts
    │       ├── base.html
    │       └── post.html
    └── _redirects

```

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\LICENSE.md`:

```````md
Creative Commons Legal Code

CC0 1.0 Universal

    CREATIVE COMMONS CORPORATION IS NOT A LAW FIRM AND DOES NOT PROVIDE
    LEGAL SERVICES. DISTRIBUTION OF THIS DOCUMENT DOES NOT CREATE AN
    ATTORNEY-CLIENT RELATIONSHIP. CREATIVE COMMONS PROVIDES THIS
    INFORMATION ON AN "AS-IS" BASIS. CREATIVE COMMONS MAKES NO WARRANTIES
    REGARDING THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENT OR THE INFORMATION OR WORKS
    PROVIDED HEREUNDER, AND DISCLAIMS LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM
    THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENT OR THE INFORMATION OR WORKS PROVIDED
    HEREUNDER.

Statement of Purpose

The laws of most jurisdictions throughout the world automatically confer
exclusive Copyright and Related Rights (defined below) upon the creator
and subsequent owner(s) (each and all, an "owner") of an original work of
authorship and/or a database (each, a "Work").

Certain owners wish to permanently relinquish those rights to a Work for
the purpose of contributing to a commons of creative, cultural and
scientific works ("Commons") that the public can reliably and without fear
of later claims of infringement build upon, modify, incorporate in other
works, reuse and redistribute as freely as possible in any form whatsoever
and for any purposes, including without limitation commercial purposes.
These owners may contribute to the Commons to promote the ideal of a free
culture and the further production of creative, cultural and scientific
works, or to gain reputation or greater distribution for their Work in
part through the use and efforts of others.

For these and/or other purposes and motivations, and without any
expectation of additional consideration or compensation, the person
associating CC0 with a Work (the "Affirmer"), to the extent that he or she
is an owner of Copyright and Related Rights in the Work, voluntarily
elects to apply CC0 to the Work and publicly distribute the Work under its
terms, with knowledge of his or her Copyright and Related Rights in the
Work and the meaning and intended legal effect of CC0 on those rights.

1. Copyright and Related Rights. A Work made available under CC0 may be
protected by copyright and related or neighboring rights ("Copyright and
Related Rights"). Copyright and Related Rights include, but are not
limited to, the following:

  i. the right to reproduce, adapt, distribute, perform, display,
     communicate, and translate a Work;
 ii. moral rights retained by the original author(s) and/or performer(s);
iii. publicity and privacy rights pertaining to a person's image or
     likeness depicted in a Work;
 iv. rights protecting against unfair competition in regards to a Work,
     subject to the limitations in paragraph 4(a), below;
  v. rights protecting the extraction, dissemination, use and reuse of data
     in a Work;
 vi. database rights (such as those arising under Directive 96/9/EC of the
     European Parliament and of the Council of 11 March 1996 on the legal
     protection of databases, and under any national implementation
     thereof, including any amended or successor version of such
     directive); and
vii. other similar, equivalent or corresponding rights throughout the
     world based on applicable law or treaty, and any national
     implementations thereof.

2. Waiver. To the greatest extent permitted by, but not in contravention
of, applicable law, Affirmer hereby overtly, fully, permanently,
irrevocably and unconditionally waives, abandons, and surrenders all of
Affirmer's Copyright and Related Rights and associated claims and causes
of action, whether now known or unknown (including existing as well as
future claims and causes of action), in the Work (i) in all territories
worldwide, (ii) for the maximum duration provided by applicable law or
treaty (including future time extensions), (iii) in any current or future
medium and for any number of copies, and (iv) for any purpose whatsoever,
including without limitation commercial, advertising or promotional
purposes (the "Waiver"). Affirmer makes the Waiver for the benefit of each
member of the public at large and to the detriment of Affirmer's heirs and
successors, fully intending that such Waiver shall not be subject to
revocation, rescission, cancellation, termination, or any other legal or
equitable action to disrupt the quiet enjoyment of the Work by the public
as contemplated by Affirmer's express Statement of Purpose.

3. Public License Fallback. Should any part of the Waiver for any reason
be judged legally invalid or ineffective under applicable law, then the
Waiver shall be preserved to the maximum extent permitted taking into
account Affirmer's express Statement of Purpose. In addition, to the
extent the Waiver is so judged Affirmer hereby grants to each affected
person a royalty-free, non transferable, non sublicensable, non exclusive,
irrevocable and unconditional license to exercise Affirmer's Copyright and
Related Rights in the Work (i) in all territories worldwide, (ii) for the
maximum duration provided by applicable law or treaty (including future
time extensions), (iii) in any current or future medium and for any number
of copies, and (iv) for any purpose whatsoever, including without
limitation commercial, advertising or promotional purposes (the
"License"). The License shall be deemed effective as of the date CC0 was
applied by Affirmer to the Work. Should any part of the License for any
reason be judged legally invalid or ineffective under applicable law, such
partial invalidity or ineffectiveness shall not invalidate the remainder
of the License, and in such case Affirmer hereby affirms that he or she
will not (i) exercise any of his or her remaining Copyright and Related
Rights in the Work or (ii) assert any associated claims and causes of
action with respect to the Work, in either case contrary to Affirmer's
express Statement of Purpose.

4. Limitations and Disclaimers.

 a. No trademark or patent rights held by Affirmer are waived, abandoned,
    surrendered, licensed or otherwise affected by this document.
 b. Affirmer offers the Work as-is and makes no representations or
    warranties of any kind concerning the Work, express, implied,
    statutory or otherwise, including without limitation warranties of
    title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non
    infringement, or the absence of latent or other defects, accuracy, or
    the present or absence of errors, whether or not discoverable, all to
    the greatest extent permissible under applicable law.
 c. Affirmer disclaims responsibility for clearing rights of other persons
    that may apply to the Work or any use thereof, including without
    limitation any person's Copyright and Related Rights in the Work.
    Further, Affirmer disclaims responsibility for obtaining any necessary
    consents, permissions or other rights required for any use of the
    Work.
 d. Affirmer understands and acknowledges that Creative Commons is not a
    party to this document and has no duty or obligation with respect to
    this CC0 or use of the Work.

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\netlify.toml`:

```````toml
[build]
  publish = "public/"
  command = "npm run build"

[[plugins]]
  # Installs the Lighthouse Build Plugin for all deploy contexts
  package = "@netlify/plugin-lighthouse"
```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\package-lock.json`:

```````json
{
    "name": "starter-kit-v4",
    "version": "1.0.0",
    "lockfileVersion": 3,
    "requires": true,
    "packages": {
        "": {
            "name": "starter-kit-v4",
            "version": "1.0.0",
            "license": "ISC",
            "dependencies": {
                "@11ty/eleventy": "^2.0.1",
                "@11ty/eleventy-navigation": "^0.3.5",
                "@quasibit/eleventy-plugin-sitemap": "^2.2.0",
                "@sherby/eleventy-plugin-files-minifier": "^1.1.1",
                "cross-env": "^7.0.3",
                "decap-server": "^3.0.1",
                "del-cli": "^5.0.0",
                "esbuild": "^0.21.4",
                "npm-run-all": "^4.1.5",
                "sass": "^1.77.4"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@11ty/dependency-tree": {
            "version": "2.0.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@11ty/dependency-tree/-/dependency-tree-2.0.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-5R+DsT9LJ9tXiSQ4y+KLFppCkQyXhzAm1AIuBWE/sbU0hSXY5pkhoqQYEcPJQFg/nglL+wD55iv2j+7O96UAvg=="
        },
        "node_modules/@11ty/eleventy": {
            "version": "2.0.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@11ty/eleventy/-/eleventy-2.0.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-t8XVUbCJByhVEa1RzO0zS2QzbL3wPY8ot1yUw9noqiSHxJWUwv6jiwm1/MZDPTYtkZH2ZHvdQIRQ5/SjG9XmLw==",
            "dependencies": {
                "@11ty/dependency-tree": "^2.0.1",
                "@11ty/eleventy-dev-server": "^1.0.4",
                "@11ty/eleventy-utils": "^1.0.1",
                "@11ty/lodash-custom": "^4.17.21",
                "@iarna/toml": "^2.2.5",
                "@sindresorhus/slugify": "^1.1.2",
                "bcp-47-normalize": "^1.1.1",
                "chokidar": "^3.5.3",
                "cross-spawn": "^7.0.3",
                "debug": "^4.3.4",
                "dependency-graph": "^0.11.0",
                "ejs": "^3.1.9",
                "fast-glob": "^3.2.12",
                "graceful-fs": "^4.2.11",
                "gray-matter": "^4.0.3",
                "hamljs": "^0.6.2",
                "handlebars": "^4.7.7",
                "is-glob": "^4.0.3",
                "iso-639-1": "^2.1.15",
                "kleur": "^4.1.5",
                "liquidjs": "^10.7.0",
                "luxon": "^3.3.0",
                "markdown-it": "^13.0.1",
                "micromatch": "^4.0.5",
                "minimist": "^1.2.8",
                "moo": "^0.5.2",
                "multimatch": "^5.0.0",
                "mustache": "^4.2.0",
                "normalize-path": "^3.0.0",
                "nunjucks": "^3.2.3",
                "path-to-regexp": "^6.2.1",
                "please-upgrade-node": "^3.2.0",
                "posthtml": "^0.16.6",
                "posthtml-urls": "^1.0.0",
                "pug": "^3.0.2",
                "recursive-copy": "^2.0.14",
                "semver": "^7.3.8",
                "slugify": "^1.6.6"
            },
            "bin": {
                "eleventy": "cmd.js"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=14"
            },
            "funding": {
                "type": "opencollective",
                "url": "https://opencollective.com/11ty"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@11ty/eleventy-dev-server": {
            "version": "1.0.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@11ty/eleventy-dev-server/-/eleventy-dev-server-1.0.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-qVBmV2G1KF/0o5B/3fITlrrDHy4bONUI2YuN3/WJ3BNw4NU1d/we8XhKrlgq13nNvHoBx5czYp3LZt8qRG53Fg==",
            "dependencies": {
                "@11ty/eleventy-utils": "^1.0.1",
                "chokidar": "^3.5.3",
                "debug": "^4.3.4",
                "dev-ip": "^1.0.1",
                "finalhandler": "^1.2.0",
                "mime": "^3.0.0",
                "minimist": "^1.2.8",
                "morphdom": "^2.7.0",
                "please-upgrade-node": "^3.2.0",
                "ssri": "^8.0.1",
                "ws": "^8.13.0"
            },
            "bin": {
                "eleventy-dev-server": "cmd.js"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=14"
            },
            "funding": {
                "type": "opencollective",
                "url": "https://opencollective.com/11ty"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@11ty/eleventy-navigation": {
            "version": "0.3.5",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@11ty/eleventy-navigation/-/eleventy-navigation-0.3.5.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-4aKW5aIQDFed8xs1G1pWcEiFPcDSwZtA4IH1eERtoJ+Xy+/fsoe0pzbDmw84bHZ9ACny5jblENhfZhcCxklqQw==",
            "dependencies": {
                "dependency-graph": "^0.11.0"
            },
            "funding": {
                "type": "opencollective",
                "url": "https://opencollective.com/11ty"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@11ty/eleventy-utils": {
            "version": "1.0.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@11ty/eleventy-utils/-/eleventy-utils-1.0.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-Zy2leMK1DQR6Q6ZPSagv7QpJaAz9uVbb+RmVetYFp3foMeQtOSZx7w2u5daRFmP+PeNq9vO9H4xtBToYFWZwHA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "normalize-path": "^3.0.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=12"
            },
            "funding": {
                "type": "opencollective",
                "url": "https://opencollective.com/11ty"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@11ty/lodash-custom": {
            "version": "4.17.21",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@11ty/lodash-custom/-/lodash-custom-4.17.21.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-Mqt6im1xpb1Ykn3nbcCovWXK3ggywRJa+IXIdoz4wIIK+cvozADH63lexcuPpGS/gJ6/m2JxyyXDyupkMr5DHw==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=14"
            },
            "funding": {
                "type": "opencollective",
                "url": "https://opencollective.com/11ty"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@babel/code-frame": {
            "version": "7.23.5",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@babel/code-frame/-/code-frame-7.23.5.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-CgH3s1a96LipHCmSUmYFPwY7MNx8C3avkq7i4Wl3cfa662ldtUe4VM1TPXX70pfmrlWTb6jLqTYrZyT2ZTJBgA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "@babel/highlight": "^7.23.4",
                "chalk": "^2.4.2"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=6.9.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@babel/code-frame/node_modules/ansi-styles": {
            "version": "3.2.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/ansi-styles/-/ansi-styles-3.2.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-VT0ZI6kZRdTh8YyJw3SMbYm/u+NqfsAxEpWO0Pf9sq8/e94WxxOpPKx9FR1FlyCtOVDNOQ+8ntlqFxiRc+r5qA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "color-convert": "^1.9.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=4"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@babel/code-frame/node_modules/chalk": {
            "version": "2.4.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/chalk/-/chalk-2.4.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-Mti+f9lpJNcwF4tWV8/OrTTtF1gZi+f8FqlyAdouralcFWFQWF2+NgCHShjkCb+IFBLq9buZwE1xckQU4peSuQ==",
            "dependencies": {
                "ansi-styles": "^3.2.1",
                "escape-string-regexp": "^1.0.5",
                "supports-color": "^5.3.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=4"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@babel/code-frame/node_modules/color-convert": {
            "version": "1.9.3",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/color-convert/-/color-convert-1.9.3.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-QfAUtd+vFdAtFQcC8CCyYt1fYWxSqAiK2cSD6zDB8N3cpsEBAvRxp9zOGg6G/SHHJYAT88/az/IuDGALsNVbGg==",
            "dependencies": {
                "color-name": "1.1.3"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@babel/code-frame/node_modules/color-name": {
            "version": "1.1.3",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/color-name/-/color-name-1.1.3.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-72fSenhMw2HZMTVHeCA9KCmpEIbzWiQsjN+BHcBbS9vr1mtt+vJjPdksIBNUmKAW8TFUDPJK5SUU3QhE9NEXDw=="
        },
        "node_modules/@babel/code-frame/node_modules/escape-string-regexp": {
            "version": "1.0.5",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/escape-string-regexp/-/escape-string-regexp-1.0.5.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-vbRorB5FUQWvla16U8R/qgaFIya2qGzwDrNmCZuYKrbdSUMG6I1ZCGQRefkRVhuOkIGVne7BQ35DSfo1qvJqFg==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=0.8.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@babel/code-frame/node_modules/has-flag": {
            "version": "3.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/has-flag/-/has-flag-3.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-sKJf1+ceQBr4SMkvQnBDNDtf4TXpVhVGateu0t918bl30FnbE2m4vNLX+VWe/dpjlb+HugGYzW7uQXH98HPEYw==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=4"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@babel/code-frame/node_modules/supports-color": {
            "version": "5.5.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/supports-color/-/supports-color-5.5.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-QjVjwdXIt408MIiAqCX4oUKsgU2EqAGzs2Ppkm4aQYbjm+ZEWEcW4SfFNTr4uMNZma0ey4f5lgLrkB0aX0QMow==",
            "dependencies": {
                "has-flag": "^3.0.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=4"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@babel/helper-string-parser": {
            "version": "7.23.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@babel/helper-string-parser/-/helper-string-parser-7.23.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-803gmbQdqwdf4olxrX4AJyFBV/RTr3rSmOj0rKwesmzlfhYNDEs+/iOcznzpNWlJlIlTJC2QfPFcHB6DlzdVLQ==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=6.9.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@babel/helper-validator-identifier": {
            "version": "7.22.20",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@babel/helper-validator-identifier/-/helper-validator-identifier-7.22.20.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-Y4OZ+ytlatR8AI+8KZfKuL5urKp7qey08ha31L8b3BwewJAoJamTzyvxPR/5D+KkdJCGPq/+8TukHBlY10FX9A==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=6.9.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@babel/highlight": {
            "version": "7.23.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@babel/highlight/-/highlight-7.23.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-acGdbYSfp2WheJoJm/EBBBLh/ID8KDc64ISZ9DYtBmC8/Q204PZJLHyzeB5qMzJ5trcOkybd78M4x2KWsUq++A==",
            "dependencies": {
                "@babel/helper-validator-identifier": "^7.22.20",
                "chalk": "^2.4.2",
                "js-tokens": "^4.0.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=6.9.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@babel/highlight/node_modules/ansi-styles": {
            "version": "3.2.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/ansi-styles/-/ansi-styles-3.2.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-VT0ZI6kZRdTh8YyJw3SMbYm/u+NqfsAxEpWO0Pf9sq8/e94WxxOpPKx9FR1FlyCtOVDNOQ+8ntlqFxiRc+r5qA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "color-convert": "^1.9.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=4"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@babel/highlight/node_modules/chalk": {
            "version": "2.4.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/chalk/-/chalk-2.4.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-Mti+f9lpJNcwF4tWV8/OrTTtF1gZi+f8FqlyAdouralcFWFQWF2+NgCHShjkCb+IFBLq9buZwE1xckQU4peSuQ==",
            "dependencies": {
                "ansi-styles": "^3.2.1",
                "escape-string-regexp": "^1.0.5",
                "supports-color": "^5.3.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=4"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@babel/highlight/node_modules/color-convert": {
            "version": "1.9.3",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/color-convert/-/color-convert-1.9.3.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-QfAUtd+vFdAtFQcC8CCyYt1fYWxSqAiK2cSD6zDB8N3cpsEBAvRxp9zOGg6G/SHHJYAT88/az/IuDGALsNVbGg==",
            "dependencies": {
                "color-name": "1.1.3"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@babel/highlight/node_modules/color-name": {
            "version": "1.1.3",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/color-name/-/color-name-1.1.3.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-72fSenhMw2HZMTVHeCA9KCmpEIbzWiQsjN+BHcBbS9vr1mtt+vJjPdksIBNUmKAW8TFUDPJK5SUU3QhE9NEXDw=="
        },
        "node_modules/@babel/highlight/node_modules/escape-string-regexp": {
            "version": "1.0.5",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/escape-string-regexp/-/escape-string-regexp-1.0.5.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-vbRorB5FUQWvla16U8R/qgaFIya2qGzwDrNmCZuYKrbdSUMG6I1ZCGQRefkRVhuOkIGVne7BQ35DSfo1qvJqFg==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=0.8.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@babel/highlight/node_modules/has-flag": {
            "version": "3.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/has-flag/-/has-flag-3.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-sKJf1+ceQBr4SMkvQnBDNDtf4TXpVhVGateu0t918bl30FnbE2m4vNLX+VWe/dpjlb+HugGYzW7uQXH98HPEYw==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=4"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@babel/highlight/node_modules/supports-color": {
            "version": "5.5.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/supports-color/-/supports-color-5.5.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-QjVjwdXIt408MIiAqCX4oUKsgU2EqAGzs2Ppkm4aQYbjm+ZEWEcW4SfFNTr4uMNZma0ey4f5lgLrkB0aX0QMow==",
            "dependencies": {
                "has-flag": "^3.0.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=4"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@babel/parser": {
            "version": "7.23.6",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@babel/parser/-/parser-7.23.6.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-Z2uID7YJ7oNvAI20O9X0bblw7Qqs8Q2hFy0R9tAfnfLkp5MW0UH9eUvnDSnFwKZ0AvgS1ucqR4KzvVHgnke1VQ==",
            "bin": {
                "parser": "bin/babel-parser.js"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=6.0.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@babel/types": {
            "version": "7.23.6",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@babel/types/-/types-7.23.6.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-+uarb83brBzPKN38NX1MkB6vb6+mwvR6amUulqAE7ccQw1pEl+bCia9TbdG1lsnFP7lZySvUn37CHyXQdfTwzg==",
            "dependencies": {
                "@babel/helper-string-parser": "^7.23.4",
                "@babel/helper-validator-identifier": "^7.22.20",
                "to-fast-properties": "^2.0.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=6.9.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@colors/colors": {
            "version": "1.6.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@colors/colors/-/colors-1.6.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-Ir+AOibqzrIsL6ajt3Rz3LskB7OiMVHqltZmspbW/TJuTVuyOMirVqAkjfY6JISiLHgyNqicAC8AyHHGzNd/dA==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=0.1.90"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@dabh/diagnostics": {
            "version": "2.0.3",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@dabh/diagnostics/-/diagnostics-2.0.3.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-hrlQOIi7hAfzsMqlGSFyVucrx38O+j6wiGOf//H2ecvIEqYN4ADBSS2iLMh5UFyDunCNniUIPk/q3riFv45xRA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "colorspace": "1.1.x",
                "enabled": "2.0.x",
                "kuler": "^2.0.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@esbuild/aix-ppc64": {
            "version": "0.21.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@esbuild/aix-ppc64/-/aix-ppc64-0.21.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-Zrm+B33R4LWPLjDEVnEqt2+SLTATlru1q/xYKVn8oVTbiRBGmK2VIMoIYGJDGyftnGaC788IuzGFAlb7IQ0Y8A==",
            "cpu": [
                "ppc64"
            ],
            "optional": true,
            "os": [
                "aix"
            ],
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=12"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@esbuild/android-arm": {
            "version": "0.21.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@esbuild/android-arm/-/android-arm-0.21.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-E7H/yTd8kGQfY4z9t3nRPk/hrhaCajfA3YSQSBrst8B+3uTcgsi8N+ZWYCaeIDsiVs6m65JPCaQN/DxBRclF3A==",
            "cpu": [
                "arm"
            ],
            "optional": true,
            "os": [
                "android"
            ],
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=12"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@esbuild/android-arm64": {
            "version": "0.21.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@esbuild/android-arm64/-/android-arm64-0.21.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-fYFnz+ObClJ3dNiITySBUx+oNalYUT18/AryMxfovLkYWbutXsct3Wz2ZWAcGGppp+RVVX5FiXeLYGi97umisA==",
            "cpu": [
                "arm64"
            ],
            "optional": true,
            "os": [
                "android"
            ],
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=12"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@esbuild/android-x64": {
            "version": "0.21.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@esbuild/android-x64/-/android-x64-0.21.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-mDqmlge3hFbEPbCWxp4fM6hqq7aZfLEHZAKGP9viq9wMUBVQx202aDIfc3l+d2cKhUJM741VrCXEzRFhPDKH3Q==",
            "cpu": [
                "x64"
            ],
            "optional": true,
            "os": [
                "android"
            ],
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=12"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@esbuild/darwin-arm64": {
            "version": "0.21.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@esbuild/darwin-arm64/-/darwin-arm64-0.21.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-72eaIrDZDSiWqpmCzVaBD58c8ea8cw/U0fq/PPOTqE3c53D0xVMRt2ooIABZ6/wj99Y+h4ksT/+I+srCDLU9TA==",
            "cpu": [
                "arm64"
            ],
            "optional": true,
            "os": [
                "darwin"
            ],
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=12"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@esbuild/darwin-x64": {
            "version": "0.21.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@esbuild/darwin-x64/-/darwin-x64-0.21.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-uBsuwRMehGmw1JC7Vecu/upOjTsMhgahmDkWhGLWxIgUn2x/Y4tIwUZngsmVb6XyPSTXJYS4YiASKPcm9Zitag==",
            "cpu": [
                "x64"
            ],
            "optional": true,
            "os": [
                "darwin"
            ],
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=12"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@esbuild/freebsd-arm64": {
            "version": "0.21.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@esbuild/freebsd-arm64/-/freebsd-arm64-0.21.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-8JfuSC6YMSAEIZIWNL3GtdUT5NhUA/CMUCpZdDRolUXNAXEE/Vbpe6qlGLpfThtY5NwXq8Hi4nJy4YfPh+TwAg==",
            "cpu": [
                "arm64"
            ],
            "optional": true,
            "os": [
                "freebsd"
            ],
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=12"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@esbuild/freebsd-x64": {
            "version": "0.21.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@esbuild/freebsd-x64/-/freebsd-x64-0.21.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-8d9y9eQhxv4ef7JmXny7591P/PYsDFc4+STaxC1GBv0tMyCdyWfXu2jBuqRsyhY8uL2HU8uPyscgE2KxCY9imQ==",
            "cpu": [
                "x64"
            ],
            "optional": true,
            "os": [
                "freebsd"
            ],
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=12"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@esbuild/linux-arm": {
            "version": "0.21.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@esbuild/linux-arm/-/linux-arm-0.21.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-2rqFFefpYmpMs+FWjkzSgXg5vViocqpq5a1PSRgT0AvSgxoXmGF17qfGAzKedg6wAwyM7UltrKVo9kxaJLMF/g==",
            "cpu": [
                "arm"
            ],
            "optional": true,
            "os": [
                "linux"
            ],
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=12"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@esbuild/linux-arm64": {
            "version": "0.21.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@esbuild/linux-arm64/-/linux-arm64-0.21.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-/GLD2orjNU50v9PcxNpYZi+y8dJ7e7/LhQukN3S4jNDXCKkyyiyAz9zDw3siZ7Eh1tRcnCHAo/WcqKMzmi4eMQ==",
            "cpu": [
                "arm64"
            ],
            "optional": true,
            "os": [
                "linux"
            ],
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=12"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@esbuild/linux-ia32": {
            "version": "0.21.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@esbuild/linux-ia32/-/linux-ia32-0.21.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-pNftBl7m/tFG3t2m/tSjuYeWIffzwAZT9m08+9DPLizxVOsUl8DdFzn9HvJrTQwe3wvJnwTdl92AonY36w/25g==",
            "cpu": [
                "ia32"
            ],
            "optional": true,
            "os": [
                "linux"
            ],
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=12"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@esbuild/linux-loong64": {
            "version": "0.21.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@esbuild/linux-loong64/-/linux-loong64-0.21.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-cSD2gzCK5LuVX+hszzXQzlWya6c7hilO71L9h4KHwqI4qeqZ57bAtkgcC2YioXjsbfAv4lPn3qe3b00Zt+jIfQ==",
            "cpu": [
                "loong64"
            ],
            "optional": true,
            "os": [
                "linux"
            ],
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=12"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@esbuild/linux-mips64el": {
            "version": "0.21.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@esbuild/linux-mips64el/-/linux-mips64el-0.21.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-qtzAd3BJh7UdbiXCrg6npWLYU0YpufsV9XlufKhMhYMJGJCdfX/G6+PNd0+v877X1JG5VmjBLUiFB0o8EUSicA==",
            "cpu": [
                "mips64el"
            ],
            "optional": true,
            "os": [
                "linux"
            ],
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=12"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@esbuild/linux-ppc64": {
            "version": "0.21.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@esbuild/linux-ppc64/-/linux-ppc64-0.21.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-yB8AYzOTaL0D5+2a4xEy7OVvbcypvDR05MsB/VVPVA7nL4hc5w5Dyd/ddnayStDgJE59fAgNEOdLhBxjfx5+dg==",
            "cpu": [
                "ppc64"
            ],
            "optional": true,
            "os": [
                "linux"
            ],
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=12"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@esbuild/linux-riscv64": {
            "version": "0.21.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@esbuild/linux-riscv64/-/linux-riscv64-0.21.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-Y5AgOuVzPjQdgU59ramLoqSSiXddu7F3F+LI5hYy/d1UHN7K5oLzYBDZe23QmQJ9PIVUXwOdKJ/jZahPdxzm9w==",
            "cpu": [
                "riscv64"
            ],
            "optional": true,
            "os": [
                "linux"
            ],
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=12"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@esbuild/linux-s390x": {
            "version": "0.21.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@esbuild/linux-s390x/-/linux-s390x-0.21.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-Iqc/l/FFwtt8FoTK9riYv9zQNms7B8u+vAI/rxKuN10HgQIXaPzKZc479lZ0x6+vKVQbu55GdpYpeNWzjOhgbA==",
            "cpu": [
                "s390x"
            ],
            "optional": true,
            "os": [
                "linux"
            ],
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=12"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@esbuild/linux-x64": {
            "version": "0.21.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@esbuild/linux-x64/-/linux-x64-0.21.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-Td9jv782UMAFsuLZINfUpoF5mZIbAj+jv1YVtE58rFtfvoKRiKSkRGQfHTgKamLVT/fO7203bHa3wU122V/Bdg==",
            "cpu": [
                "x64"
            ],
            "optional": true,
            "os": [
                "linux"
            ],
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=12"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@esbuild/netbsd-x64": {
            "version": "0.21.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@esbuild/netbsd-x64/-/netbsd-x64-0.21.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-Awn38oSXxsPMQxaV0Ipb7W/gxZtk5Tx3+W+rAPdZkyEhQ6968r9NvtkjhnhbEgWXYbgV+JEONJ6PcdBS+nlcpA==",
            "cpu": [
                "x64"
            ],
            "optional": true,
            "os": [
                "netbsd"
            ],
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=12"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@esbuild/openbsd-x64": {
            "version": "0.21.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@esbuild/openbsd-x64/-/openbsd-x64-0.21.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-IsUmQeCY0aU374R82fxIPu6vkOybWIMc3hVGZ3ChRwL9hA1TwY+tS0lgFWV5+F1+1ssuvvXt3HFqe8roCip8Hg==",
            "cpu": [
                "x64"
            ],
            "optional": true,
            "os": [
                "openbsd"
            ],
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=12"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@esbuild/sunos-x64": {
            "version": "0.21.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@esbuild/sunos-x64/-/sunos-x64-0.21.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-hsKhgZ4teLUaDA6FG/QIu2q0rI6I36tZVfM4DBZv3BG0mkMIdEnMbhc4xwLvLJSS22uWmaVkFkqWgIS0gPIm+A==",
            "cpu": [
                "x64"
            ],
            "optional": true,
            "os": [
                "sunos"
            ],
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=12"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@esbuild/win32-arm64": {
            "version": "0.21.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@esbuild/win32-arm64/-/win32-arm64-0.21.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-UUfMgMoXPoA/bvGUNfUBFLCh0gt9dxZYIx9W4rfJr7+hKe5jxxHmfOK8YSH4qsHLLN4Ck8JZ+v7Q5fIm1huErg==",
            "cpu": [
                "arm64"
            ],
            "optional": true,
            "os": [
                "win32"
            ],
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=12"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@esbuild/win32-ia32": {
            "version": "0.21.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@esbuild/win32-ia32/-/win32-ia32-0.21.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-yIxbspZb5kGCAHWm8dexALQ9en1IYDfErzjSEq1KzXFniHv019VT3mNtTK7t8qdy4TwT6QYHI9sEZabONHg+aw==",
            "cpu": [
                "ia32"
            ],
            "optional": true,
            "os": [
                "win32"
            ],
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=12"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@esbuild/win32-x64": {
            "version": "0.21.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@esbuild/win32-x64/-/win32-x64-0.21.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-sywLRD3UK/qRJt0oBwdpYLBibk7KiRfbswmWRDabuncQYSlf8aLEEUor/oP6KRz8KEG+HoiVLBhPRD5JWjS8Sg==",
            "cpu": [
                "x64"
            ],
            "optional": true,
            "os": [
                "win32"
            ],
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=12"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@hapi/address": {
            "version": "4.1.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@hapi/address/-/address-4.1.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-SkszZf13HVgGmChdHo/PxchnSaCJ6cetVqLzyciudzZRT0jcOouIF/Q93mgjw8cce+D+4F4C1Z/WrfFN+O3VHQ==",
            "deprecated": "Moved to 'npm install @sideway/address'",
            "dependencies": {
                "@hapi/hoek": "^9.0.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@hapi/formula": {
            "version": "2.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@hapi/formula/-/formula-2.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-V87P8fv7PI0LH7LiVi8Lkf3x+KCO7pQozXRssAHNXXL9L1K+uyu4XypLXwxqVDKgyQai6qj3/KteNlrqDx4W5A==",
            "deprecated": "Moved to 'npm install @sideway/formula'"
        },
        "node_modules/@hapi/hoek": {
            "version": "9.3.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@hapi/hoek/-/hoek-9.3.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-/c6rf4UJlmHlC9b5BaNvzAcFv7HZ2QHaV0D4/HNlBdvFnvQq8RI4kYdhyPCl7Xj+oWvTWQ8ujhqS53LIgAe6KQ=="
        },
        "node_modules/@hapi/joi": {
            "version": "17.1.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@hapi/joi/-/joi-17.1.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-p4DKeZAoeZW4g3u7ZeRo+vCDuSDgSvtsB/NpfjXEHTUjSeINAi/RrVOWiVQ1isaoLzMvFEhe8n5065mQq1AdQg==",
            "deprecated": "Switch to 'npm install joi'",
            "dependencies": {
                "@hapi/address": "^4.0.1",
                "@hapi/formula": "^2.0.0",
                "@hapi/hoek": "^9.0.0",
                "@hapi/pinpoint": "^2.0.0",
                "@hapi/topo": "^5.0.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@hapi/pinpoint": {
            "version": "2.0.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@hapi/pinpoint/-/pinpoint-2.0.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-EKQmr16tM8s16vTT3cA5L0kZZcTMU5DUOZTuvpnY738m+jyP3JIUj+Mm1xc1rsLkGBQ/gVnfKYPwOmPg1tUR4Q=="
        },
        "node_modules/@hapi/topo": {
            "version": "5.1.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@hapi/topo/-/topo-5.1.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-foQZKJig7Ob0BMAYBfcJk8d77QtOe7Wo4ox7ff1lQYoNNAb6jwcY1ncdoy2e9wQZzvNy7ODZCYJkK8kzmcAnAg==",
            "dependencies": {
                "@hapi/hoek": "^9.0.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@iarna/toml": {
            "version": "2.2.5",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@iarna/toml/-/toml-2.2.5.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-trnsAYxU3xnS1gPHPyU961coFyLkh4gAD/0zQ5mymY4yOZ+CYvsPqUbOFSw0aDM4y0tV7tiFxL/1XfXPNC6IPg=="
        },
        "node_modules/@kwsites/file-exists": {
            "version": "1.1.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@kwsites/file-exists/-/file-exists-1.1.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-m9/5YGR18lIwxSFDwfE3oA7bWuq9kdau6ugN4H2rJeyhFQZcG9AgSHkQtSD15a8WvTgfz9aikZMrKPHvbpqFiw==",
            "dependencies": {
                "debug": "^4.1.1"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@kwsites/promise-deferred": {
            "version": "1.1.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@kwsites/promise-deferred/-/promise-deferred-1.1.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-GaHYm+c0O9MjZRu0ongGBRbinu8gVAMd2UZjji6jVmqKtZluZnptXGWhz1E8j8D2HJ3f/yMxKAUC0b+57wncIw=="
        },
        "node_modules/@nodelib/fs.scandir": {
            "version": "2.1.5",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@nodelib/fs.scandir/-/fs.scandir-2.1.5.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-vq24Bq3ym5HEQm2NKCr3yXDwjc7vTsEThRDnkp2DK9p1uqLR+DHurm/NOTo0KG7HYHU7eppKZj3MyqYuMBf62g==",
            "dependencies": {
                "@nodelib/fs.stat": "2.0.5",
                "run-parallel": "^1.1.9"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 8"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@nodelib/fs.stat": {
            "version": "2.0.5",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@nodelib/fs.stat/-/fs.stat-2.0.5.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-RkhPPp2zrqDAQA/2jNhnztcPAlv64XdhIp7a7454A5ovI7Bukxgt7MX7udwAu3zg1DcpPU0rz3VV1SeaqvY4+A==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 8"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@nodelib/fs.walk": {
            "version": "1.2.8",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@nodelib/fs.walk/-/fs.walk-1.2.8.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-oGB+UxlgWcgQkgwo8GcEGwemoTFt3FIO9ababBmaGwXIoBKZ+GTy0pP185beGg7Llih/NSHSV2XAs1lnznocSg==",
            "dependencies": {
                "@nodelib/fs.scandir": "2.1.5",
                "fastq": "^1.6.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 8"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@quasibit/eleventy-plugin-sitemap": {
            "version": "2.2.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@quasibit/eleventy-plugin-sitemap/-/eleventy-plugin-sitemap-2.2.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-7YoU4jjipLjifBhZwttLWbAAkImmBfeMQ0+1ST6mJO45z2mFLHZcgnfHwGF2joNk74wiYNsNOB1ennouzQFZIQ==",
            "dependencies": {
                "array-flat-polyfill": "^1.0.1",
                "sitemap": "^6.3.2"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=10.0.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@sherby/eleventy-plugin-files-minifier": {
            "version": "1.1.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@sherby/eleventy-plugin-files-minifier/-/eleventy-plugin-files-minifier-1.1.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-3gVtq4H6IJ3/l4mRsTHAOG/5AY8NXgXd0w1EXaXImzEThAOQ++/Mr95dF9u9wTCmmv+57SeG62/tJibtyL8JRA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "html-minifier": "^4.0.0",
                "pretty-data": "^0.40.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@sindresorhus/slugify": {
            "version": "1.1.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@sindresorhus/slugify/-/slugify-1.1.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-V9nR/W0Xd9TSGXpZ4iFUcFGhuOJtZX82Fzxj1YISlbSgKvIiNa7eLEZrT0vAraPOt++KHauIVNYgGRgjc13dXA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "@sindresorhus/transliterate": "^0.1.1",
                "escape-string-regexp": "^4.0.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=10"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/sindresorhus"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@sindresorhus/transliterate": {
            "version": "0.1.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@sindresorhus/transliterate/-/transliterate-0.1.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-5/kmIOY9FF32nicXH+5yLNTX4NJ4atl7jRgqAJuIn/iyDFXBktOKDxCvyGE/EzmF4ngSUvjXxQUQlQiZ5lfw+w==",
            "dependencies": {
                "escape-string-regexp": "^2.0.0",
                "lodash.deburr": "^4.1.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=10"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/sindresorhus"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@sindresorhus/transliterate/node_modules/escape-string-regexp": {
            "version": "2.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/escape-string-regexp/-/escape-string-regexp-2.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-UpzcLCXolUWcNu5HtVMHYdXJjArjsF9C0aNnquZYY4uW/Vu0miy5YoWvbV345HauVvcAUnpRuhMMcqTcGOY2+w==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=8"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@types/minimatch": {
            "version": "3.0.5",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@types/minimatch/-/minimatch-3.0.5.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-Klz949h02Gz2uZCMGwDUSDS1YBlTdDDgbWHi+81l29tQALUtvz4rAYi5uoVhE5Lagoq6DeqAUlbrHvW/mXDgdQ=="
        },
        "node_modules/@types/minimist": {
            "version": "1.2.5",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@types/minimist/-/minimist-1.2.5.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-hov8bUuiLiyFPGyFPE1lwWhmzYbirOXQNNo40+y3zow8aFVTeyn3VWL0VFFfdNddA8S4Vf0Tc062rzyNr7Paag=="
        },
        "node_modules/@types/node": {
            "version": "14.18.63",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@types/node/-/node-14.18.63.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-fAtCfv4jJg+ExtXhvCkCqUKZ+4ok/JQk01qDKhL5BDDoS3AxKXhV5/MAVUZyQnSEd2GT92fkgZl0pz0Q0AzcIQ=="
        },
        "node_modules/@types/normalize-package-data": {
            "version": "2.4.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@types/normalize-package-data/-/normalize-package-data-2.4.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-37i+OaWTh9qeK4LSHPsyRC7NahnGotNuZvjLSgcPzblpHB3rrCJxAOgI5gCdKm7coonsaX1Of0ILiTcnZjbfxA=="
        },
        "node_modules/@types/sax": {
            "version": "1.2.7",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@types/sax/-/sax-1.2.7.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-rO73L89PJxeYM3s3pPPjiPgVVcymqU490g0YO5n5By0k2Erzj6tay/4lr1CHAAU4JyOWd1rpQ8bCf6cZfHU96A==",
            "dependencies": {
                "@types/node": "*"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/@types/triple-beam": {
            "version": "1.3.5",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/@types/triple-beam/-/triple-beam-1.3.5.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-6WaYesThRMCl19iryMYP7/x2OVgCtbIVflDGFpWnb9irXI3UjYE4AzmYuiUKY1AJstGijoY+MgUszMgRxIYTYw=="
        },
        "node_modules/a-sync-waterfall": {
            "version": "1.0.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/a-sync-waterfall/-/a-sync-waterfall-1.0.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-RYTOHHdWipFUliRFMCS4X2Yn2X8M87V/OpSqWzKKOGhzqyUxzyVmhHDH9sAvG+ZuQf/TAOFsLCpMw09I1ufUnA=="
        },
        "node_modules/accepts": {
            "version": "1.3.8",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/accepts/-/accepts-1.3.8.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-PYAthTa2m2VKxuvSD3DPC/Gy+U+sOA1LAuT8mkmRuvw+NACSaeXEQ+NHcVF7rONl6qcaxV3Uuemwawk+7+SJLw==",
            "dependencies": {
                "mime-types": "~2.1.34",
                "negotiator": "0.6.3"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.6"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/acorn": {
            "version": "7.4.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/acorn/-/acorn-7.4.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-nQyp0o1/mNdbTO1PO6kHkwSrmgZ0MT/jCCpNiwbUjGoRN4dlBhqJtoQuCnEOKzgTVwg0ZWiCoQy6SxMebQVh8A==",
            "bin": {
                "acorn": "bin/acorn"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=0.4.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/aggregate-error": {
            "version": "4.0.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/aggregate-error/-/aggregate-error-4.0.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-0poP0T7el6Vq3rstR8Mn4V/IQrpBLO6POkUSrN7RhyY+GF/InCFShQzsQ39T25gkHhLgSLByyAz+Kjb+c2L98w==",
            "dependencies": {
                "clean-stack": "^4.0.0",
                "indent-string": "^5.0.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=12"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/sindresorhus"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/ansi-styles": {
            "version": "4.3.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/ansi-styles/-/ansi-styles-4.3.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-zbB9rCJAT1rbjiVDb2hqKFHNYLxgtk8NURxZ3IZwD3F6NtxbXZQCnnSi1Lkx+IDohdPlFp222wVALIheZJQSEg==",
            "dependencies": {
                "color-convert": "^2.0.1"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=8"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/chalk/ansi-styles?sponsor=1"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/any-promise": {
            "version": "0.1.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/any-promise/-/any-promise-0.1.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-lqzY9o+BbeGHRCOyxQkt/Tgvz0IZhTmQiA+LxQW8wSNpcTbj8K+0cZiSEvbpNZZP9/11Gy7dnLO3GNWUXO4d1g=="
        },
        "node_modules/anymatch": {
            "version": "3.1.3",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/anymatch/-/anymatch-3.1.3.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-KMReFUr0B4t+D+OBkjR3KYqvocp2XaSzO55UcB6mgQMd3KbcE+mWTyvVV7D/zsdEbNnV6acZUutkiHQXvTr1Rw==",
            "dependencies": {
                "normalize-path": "^3.0.0",
                "picomatch": "^2.0.4"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 8"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/arg": {
            "version": "5.0.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/arg/-/arg-5.0.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-PYjyFOLKQ9y57JvQ6QLo8dAgNqswh8M1RMJYdQduT6xbWSgK36P/Z/v+p888pM69jMMfS8Xd8F6I1kQ/I9HUGg=="
        },
        "node_modules/argparse": {
            "version": "1.0.10",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/argparse/-/argparse-1.0.10.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-o5Roy6tNG4SL/FOkCAN6RzjiakZS25RLYFrcMttJqbdd8BWrnA+fGz57iN5Pb06pvBGvl5gQ0B48dJlslXvoTg==",
            "dependencies": {
                "sprintf-js": "~1.0.2"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/array-buffer-byte-length": {
            "version": "1.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/array-buffer-byte-length/-/array-buffer-byte-length-1.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-LPuwb2P+NrQw3XhxGc36+XSvuBPopovXYTR9Ew++Du9Yb/bx5AzBfrIsBoj0EZUifjQU+sHL21sseZ3jerWO/A==",
            "dependencies": {
                "call-bind": "^1.0.2",
                "is-array-buffer": "^3.0.1"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/array-differ": {
            "version": "3.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/array-differ/-/array-differ-3.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-THtfYS6KtME/yIAhKjZ2ul7XI96lQGHRputJQHO80LAWQnuGP4iCIN8vdMRboGbIEYBwU33q8Tch1os2+X0kMg==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=8"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/array-flat-polyfill": {
            "version": "1.0.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/array-flat-polyfill/-/array-flat-polyfill-1.0.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-hfJmKupmQN0lwi0xG6FQ5U8Rd97RnIERplymOv/qpq8AoNKPPAnxJadjFA23FNWm88wykh9HmpLJUUwUtNU/iw==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=6.0.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/array-flatten": {
            "version": "1.1.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/array-flatten/-/array-flatten-1.1.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-PCVAQswWemu6UdxsDFFX/+gVeYqKAod3D3UVm91jHwynguOwAvYPhx8nNlM++NqRcK6CxxpUafjmhIdKiHibqg=="
        },
        "node_modules/array-union": {
            "version": "2.1.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/array-union/-/array-union-2.1.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-HGyxoOTYUyCM6stUe6EJgnd4EoewAI7zMdfqO+kGjnlZmBDz/cR5pf8r/cR4Wq60sL/p0IkcjUEEPwS3GFrIyw==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=8"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/array-uniq": {
            "version": "1.0.3",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/array-uniq/-/array-uniq-1.0.3.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-MNha4BWQ6JbwhFhj03YK552f7cb3AzoE8SzeljgChvL1dl3IcvggXVz1DilzySZkCja+CXuZbdW7yATchWn8/Q==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=0.10.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/arraybuffer.prototype.slice": {
            "version": "1.0.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/arraybuffer.prototype.slice/-/arraybuffer.prototype.slice-1.0.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-yMBKppFur/fbHu9/6USUe03bZ4knMYiwFBcyiaXB8Go0qNehwX6inYPzK9U0NeQvGxKthcmHcaR8P5MStSRBAw==",
            "dependencies": {
                "array-buffer-byte-length": "^1.0.0",
                "call-bind": "^1.0.2",
                "define-properties": "^1.2.0",
                "es-abstract": "^1.22.1",
                "get-intrinsic": "^1.2.1",
                "is-array-buffer": "^3.0.2",
                "is-shared-array-buffer": "^1.0.2"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.4"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/arrify": {
            "version": "1.0.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/arrify/-/arrify-1.0.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-3CYzex9M9FGQjCGMGyi6/31c8GJbgb0qGyrx5HWxPd0aCwh4cB2YjMb2Xf9UuoogrMrlO9cTqnB5rI5GHZTcUA==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=0.10.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/asap": {
            "version": "2.0.6",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/asap/-/asap-2.0.6.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-BSHWgDSAiKs50o2Re8ppvp3seVHXSRM44cdSsT9FfNEUUZLOGWVCsiWaRPWM1Znn+mqZ1OfVZ3z3DWEzSp7hRA=="
        },
        "node_modules/assert-never": {
            "version": "1.2.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/assert-never/-/assert-never-1.2.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-TaTivMB6pYI1kXwrFlEhLeGfOqoDNdTxjCdwRfFFkEA30Eu+k48W34nlok2EYWJfFFzqaEmichdNM7th6M5HNw=="
        },
        "node_modules/async": {
            "version": "3.2.5",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/async/-/async-3.2.5.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-baNZyqaaLhyLVKm/DlvdW051MSgO6b8eVfIezl9E5PqWxFgzLm/wQntEW4zOytVburDEr0JlALEpdOFwvErLsg=="
        },
        "node_modules/async-mutex": {
            "version": "0.3.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/async-mutex/-/async-mutex-0.3.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-HuTK7E7MT7jZEh1P9GtRW9+aTWiDWWi9InbZ5hjxrnRa39KS4BW04+xLBhYNS2aXhHUIKZSw3gj4Pn1pj+qGAA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "tslib": "^2.3.1"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/available-typed-arrays": {
            "version": "1.0.5",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/available-typed-arrays/-/available-typed-arrays-1.0.5.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-DMD0KiN46eipeziST1LPP/STfDU0sufISXmjSgvVsoU2tqxctQeASejWcfNtxYKqETM1UxQ8sp2OrSBWpHY6sw==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.4"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/babel-walk": {
            "version": "3.0.0-canary-5",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/babel-walk/-/babel-walk-3.0.0-canary-5.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-GAwkz0AihzY5bkwIY5QDR+LvsRQgB/B+1foMPvi0FZPMl5fjD7ICiznUiBdLYMH1QYe6vqu4gWYytZOccLouFw==",
            "dependencies": {
                "@babel/types": "^7.9.6"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 10.0.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/balanced-match": {
            "version": "1.0.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/balanced-match/-/balanced-match-1.0.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-3oSeUO0TMV67hN1AmbXsK4yaqU7tjiHlbxRDZOpH0KW9+CeX4bRAaX0Anxt0tx2MrpRpWwQaPwIlISEJhYU5Pw=="
        },
        "node_modules/basic-auth": {
            "version": "2.0.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/basic-auth/-/basic-auth-2.0.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-NF+epuEdnUYVlGuhaxbbq+dvJttwLnGY+YixlXlME5KpQ5W3CnXA5cVTneY3SPbPDRkcjMbifrwmFYcClgOZeg==",
            "dependencies": {
                "safe-buffer": "5.1.2"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.8"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/basic-auth/node_modules/safe-buffer": {
            "version": "5.1.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/safe-buffer/-/safe-buffer-5.1.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-Gd2UZBJDkXlY7GbJxfsE8/nvKkUEU1G38c1siN6QP6a9PT9MmHB8GnpscSmMJSoF8LOIrt8ud/wPtojys4G6+g=="
        },
        "node_modules/bcp-47": {
            "version": "1.0.8",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/bcp-47/-/bcp-47-1.0.8.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-Y9y1QNBBtYtv7hcmoX0tR+tUNSFZGZ6OL6vKPObq8BbOhkCoyayF6ogfLTgAli/KuAEbsYHYUNq2AQuY6IuLag==",
            "dependencies": {
                "is-alphabetical": "^1.0.0",
                "is-alphanumerical": "^1.0.0",
                "is-decimal": "^1.0.0"
            },
            "funding": {
                "type": "github",
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/wooorm"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/bcp-47-match": {
            "version": "1.0.3",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/bcp-47-match/-/bcp-47-match-1.0.3.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-LggQ4YTdjWQSKELZF5JwchnBa1u0pIQSZf5lSdOHEdbVP55h0qICA/FUp3+W99q0xqxYa1ZQizTUH87gecII5w==",
            "funding": {
                "type": "github",
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/wooorm"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/bcp-47-normalize": {
            "version": "1.1.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/bcp-47-normalize/-/bcp-47-normalize-1.1.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-jWZ1Jdu3cs0EZdfCkS0UE9Gg01PtxnChjEBySeB+Zo6nkqtFfnvtoQQgP1qU1Oo4qgJgxhTI6Sf9y/pZIhPs0A==",
            "dependencies": {
                "bcp-47": "^1.0.0",
                "bcp-47-match": "^1.0.0"
            },
            "funding": {
                "type": "github",
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/wooorm"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/binary-extensions": {
            "version": "2.2.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/binary-extensions/-/binary-extensions-2.2.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-jDctJ/IVQbZoJykoeHbhXpOlNBqGNcwXJKJog42E5HDPUwQTSdjCHdihjj0DlnheQ7blbT6dHOafNAiS8ooQKA==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=8"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/body-parser": {
            "version": "1.20.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/body-parser/-/body-parser-1.20.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-ml9pReCu3M61kGlqoTm2umSXTlRTuGTx0bfYj+uIUKKYycG5NtSbeetV3faSU6R7ajOPw0g/J1PvK4qNy7s5bA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "bytes": "3.1.2",
                "content-type": "~1.0.5",
                "debug": "2.6.9",
                "depd": "2.0.0",
                "destroy": "1.2.0",
                "http-errors": "2.0.0",
                "iconv-lite": "0.4.24",
                "on-finished": "2.4.1",
                "qs": "6.11.0",
                "raw-body": "2.5.2",
                "type-is": "~1.6.18",
                "unpipe": "1.0.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.8",
                "npm": "1.2.8000 || >= 1.4.16"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/body-parser/node_modules/debug": {
            "version": "2.6.9",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/debug/-/debug-2.6.9.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-bC7ElrdJaJnPbAP+1EotYvqZsb3ecl5wi6Bfi6BJTUcNowp6cvspg0jXznRTKDjm/E7AdgFBVeAPVMNcKGsHMA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "ms": "2.0.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/body-parser/node_modules/ms": {
            "version": "2.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/ms/-/ms-2.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-Tpp60P6IUJDTuOq/5Z8cdskzJujfwqfOTkrwIwj7IRISpnkJnT6SyJ4PCPnGMoFjC9ddhal5KVIYtAt97ix05A=="
        },
        "node_modules/brace-expansion": {
            "version": "1.1.11",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/brace-expansion/-/brace-expansion-1.1.11.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-iCuPHDFgrHX7H2vEI/5xpz07zSHB00TpugqhmYtVmMO6518mCuRMoOYFldEBl0g187ufozdaHgWKcYFb61qGiA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "balanced-match": "^1.0.0",
                "concat-map": "0.0.1"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/braces": {
            "version": "3.0.3",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/braces/-/braces-3.0.3.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-yQbXgO/OSZVD2IsiLlro+7Hf6Q18EJrKSEsdoMzKePKXct3gvD8oLcOQdIzGupr5Fj+EDe8gO/lxc1BzfMpxvA==",
            "license": "MIT",
            "dependencies": {
                "fill-range": "^7.1.1"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=8"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/bytes": {
            "version": "3.1.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/bytes/-/bytes-3.1.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-/Nf7TyzTx6S3yRJObOAV7956r8cr2+Oj8AC5dt8wSP3BQAoeX58NoHyCU8P8zGkNXStjTSi6fzO6F0pBdcYbEg==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.8"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/call-bind": {
            "version": "1.0.5",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/call-bind/-/call-bind-1.0.5.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-C3nQxfFZxFRVoJoGKKI8y3MOEo129NQ+FgQ08iye+Mk4zNZZGdjfs06bVTr+DBSlA66Q2VEcMki/cUCP4SercQ==",
            "dependencies": {
                "function-bind": "^1.1.2",
                "get-intrinsic": "^1.2.1",
                "set-function-length": "^1.1.1"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/camel-case": {
            "version": "3.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/camel-case/-/camel-case-3.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-+MbKztAYHXPr1jNTSKQF52VpcFjwY5RkR7fxksV8Doo4KAYc5Fl4UJRgthBbTmEx8C54DqahhbLJkDwjI3PI/w==",
            "dependencies": {
                "no-case": "^2.2.0",
                "upper-case": "^1.1.1"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/camelcase": {
            "version": "6.3.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/camelcase/-/camelcase-6.3.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-Gmy6FhYlCY7uOElZUSbxo2UCDH8owEk996gkbrpsgGtrJLM3J7jGxl9Ic7Qwwj4ivOE5AWZWRMecDdF7hqGjFA==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=10"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/sindresorhus"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/camelcase-keys": {
            "version": "7.0.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/camelcase-keys/-/camelcase-keys-7.0.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-Rjs1H+A9R+Ig+4E/9oyB66UC5Mj9Xq3N//vcLf2WzgdTi/3gUu3Z9KoqmlrEG4VuuLK8wJHofxzdQXz/knhiYg==",
            "dependencies": {
                "camelcase": "^6.3.0",
                "map-obj": "^4.1.0",
                "quick-lru": "^5.1.1",
                "type-fest": "^1.2.1"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=12"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/sindresorhus"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/chalk": {
            "version": "4.1.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/chalk/-/chalk-4.1.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-oKnbhFyRIXpUuez8iBMmyEa4nbj4IOQyuhc/wy9kY7/WVPcwIO9VA668Pu8RkO7+0G76SLROeyw9CpQ061i4mA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "ansi-styles": "^4.1.0",
                "supports-color": "^7.1.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=10"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/chalk/chalk?sponsor=1"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/character-parser": {
            "version": "2.2.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/character-parser/-/character-parser-2.2.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-+UqJQjFEFaTAs3bNsF2j2kEN1baG/zghZbdqoYEDxGZtJo9LBzl1A+m0D4n3qKx8N2FNv8/Xp6yV9mQmBuptaw==",
            "dependencies": {
                "is-regex": "^1.0.3"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/chokidar": {
            "version": "3.5.3",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/chokidar/-/chokidar-3.5.3.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-Dr3sfKRP6oTcjf2JmUmFJfeVMvXBdegxB0iVQ5eb2V10uFJUCAS8OByZdVAyVb8xXNz3GjjTgj9kLWsZTqE6kw==",
            "funding": [
                {
                    "type": "individual",
                    "url": "https://paulmillr.com/funding/"
                }
            ],
            "dependencies": {
                "anymatch": "~3.1.2",
                "braces": "~3.0.2",
                "glob-parent": "~5.1.2",
                "is-binary-path": "~2.1.0",
                "is-glob": "~4.0.1",
                "normalize-path": "~3.0.0",
                "readdirp": "~3.6.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 8.10.0"
            },
            "optionalDependencies": {
                "fsevents": "~2.3.2"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/clean-css": {
            "version": "4.2.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/clean-css/-/clean-css-4.2.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-EJUDT7nDVFDvaQgAo2G/PJvxmp1o/c6iXLbswsBbUFXi1Nr+AjA2cKmfbKDMjMvzEe75g3P6JkaDDAKk96A85A==",
            "dependencies": {
                "source-map": "~0.6.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 4.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/clean-stack": {
            "version": "4.2.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/clean-stack/-/clean-stack-4.2.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-LYv6XPxoyODi36Dp976riBtSY27VmFo+MKqEU9QCCWyTrdEPDog+RWA7xQWHi6Vbp61j5c4cdzzX1NidnwtUWg==",
            "dependencies": {
                "escape-string-regexp": "5.0.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=12"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/sindresorhus"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/clean-stack/node_modules/escape-string-regexp": {
            "version": "5.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/escape-string-regexp/-/escape-string-regexp-5.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-/veY75JbMK4j1yjvuUxuVsiS/hr/4iHs9FTT6cgTexxdE0Ly/glccBAkloH/DofkjRbZU3bnoj38mOmhkZ0lHw==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=12"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/sindresorhus"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/color": {
            "version": "3.2.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/color/-/color-3.2.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-aBl7dZI9ENN6fUGC7mWpMTPNHmWUSNan9tuWN6ahh5ZLNk9baLJOnSMlrQkHcrfFgz2/RigjUVAjdx36VcemKA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "color-convert": "^1.9.3",
                "color-string": "^1.6.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/color-convert": {
            "version": "2.0.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/color-convert/-/color-convert-2.0.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-RRECPsj7iu/xb5oKYcsFHSppFNnsj/52OVTRKb4zP5onXwVF3zVmmToNcOfGC+CRDpfK/U584fMg38ZHCaElKQ==",
            "dependencies": {
                "color-name": "~1.1.4"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=7.0.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/color-name": {
            "version": "1.1.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/color-name/-/color-name-1.1.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-dOy+3AuW3a2wNbZHIuMZpTcgjGuLU/uBL/ubcZF9OXbDo8ff4O8yVp5Bf0efS8uEoYo5q4Fx7dY9OgQGXgAsQA=="
        },
        "node_modules/color-string": {
            "version": "1.9.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/color-string/-/color-string-1.9.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-shrVawQFojnZv6xM40anx4CkoDP+fZsw/ZerEMsW/pyzsRbElpsL/DBVW7q3ExxwusdNXI3lXpuhEZkzs8p5Eg==",
            "dependencies": {
                "color-name": "^1.0.0",
                "simple-swizzle": "^0.2.2"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/color/node_modules/color-convert": {
            "version": "1.9.3",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/color-convert/-/color-convert-1.9.3.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-QfAUtd+vFdAtFQcC8CCyYt1fYWxSqAiK2cSD6zDB8N3cpsEBAvRxp9zOGg6G/SHHJYAT88/az/IuDGALsNVbGg==",
            "dependencies": {
                "color-name": "1.1.3"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/color/node_modules/color-name": {
            "version": "1.1.3",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/color-name/-/color-name-1.1.3.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-72fSenhMw2HZMTVHeCA9KCmpEIbzWiQsjN+BHcBbS9vr1mtt+vJjPdksIBNUmKAW8TFUDPJK5SUU3QhE9NEXDw=="
        },
        "node_modules/colorspace": {
            "version": "1.1.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/colorspace/-/colorspace-1.1.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-BgvKJiuVu1igBUF2kEjRCZXol6wiiGbY5ipL/oVPwm0BL9sIpMIzM8IK7vwuxIIzOXMV3Ey5w+vxhm0rR/TN8w==",
            "dependencies": {
                "color": "^3.1.3",
                "text-hex": "1.0.x"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/commander": {
            "version": "2.20.3",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/commander/-/commander-2.20.3.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-GpVkmM8vF2vQUkj2LvZmD35JxeJOLCwJ9cUkugyk2nuhbv3+mJvpLYYt+0+USMxE+oj+ey/lJEnhZw75x/OMcQ=="
        },
        "node_modules/concat-map": {
            "version": "0.0.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/concat-map/-/concat-map-0.0.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-/Srv4dswyQNBfohGpz9o6Yb3Gz3SrUDqBH5rTuhGR7ahtlbYKnVxw2bCFMRljaA7EXHaXZ8wsHdodFvbkhKmqg=="
        },
        "node_modules/constantinople": {
            "version": "4.0.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/constantinople/-/constantinople-4.0.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-vCrqcSIq4//Gx74TXXCGnHpulY1dskqLTFGDmhrGxzeXL8lF8kvXv6mpNWlJj1uD4DW23D4ljAqbY4RRaaUZIw==",
            "dependencies": {
                "@babel/parser": "^7.6.0",
                "@babel/types": "^7.6.1"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/content-disposition": {
            "version": "0.5.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/content-disposition/-/content-disposition-0.5.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-FveZTNuGw04cxlAiWbzi6zTAL/lhehaWbTtgluJh4/E95DqMwTmha3KZN1aAWA8cFIhHzMZUvLevkw5Rqk+tSQ==",
            "dependencies": {
                "safe-buffer": "5.2.1"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.6"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/content-type": {
            "version": "1.0.5",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/content-type/-/content-type-1.0.5.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-nTjqfcBFEipKdXCv4YDQWCfmcLZKm81ldF0pAopTvyrFGVbcR6P/VAAd5G7N+0tTr8QqiU0tFadD6FK4NtJwOA==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.6"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/cookie": {
            "version": "0.6.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/cookie/-/cookie-0.6.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-U71cyTamuh1CRNCfpGY6to28lxvNwPG4Guz/EVjgf3Jmzv0vlDp1atT9eS5dDjMYHucpHbWns6Lwf3BKz6svdw==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.6"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/cookie-signature": {
            "version": "1.0.6",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/cookie-signature/-/cookie-signature-1.0.6.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-QADzlaHc8icV8I7vbaJXJwod9HWYp8uCqf1xa4OfNu1T7JVxQIrUgOWtHdNDtPiywmFbiS12VjotIXLrKM3orQ=="
        },
        "node_modules/cors": {
            "version": "2.8.5",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/cors/-/cors-2.8.5.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-KIHbLJqu73RGr/hnbrO9uBeixNGuvSQjul/jdFvS/KFSIH1hWVd1ng7zOHx+YrEfInLG7q4n6GHQ9cDtxv/P6g==",
            "dependencies": {
                "object-assign": "^4",
                "vary": "^1"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.10"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/cross-env": {
            "version": "7.0.3",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/cross-env/-/cross-env-7.0.3.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-+/HKd6EgcQCJGh2PSjZuUitQBQynKor4wrFbRg4DtAgS1aWO+gU52xpH7M9ScGgXSYmAVS9bIJ8EzuaGw0oNAw==",
            "dependencies": {
                "cross-spawn": "^7.0.1"
            },
            "bin": {
                "cross-env": "src/bin/cross-env.js",
                "cross-env-shell": "src/bin/cross-env-shell.js"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=10.14",
                "npm": ">=6",
                "yarn": ">=1"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/cross-spawn": {
            "version": "7.0.3",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/cross-spawn/-/cross-spawn-7.0.3.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-iRDPJKUPVEND7dHPO8rkbOnPpyDygcDFtWjpeWNCgy8WP2rXcxXL8TskReQl6OrB2G7+UJrags1q15Fudc7G6w==",
            "dependencies": {
                "path-key": "^3.1.0",
                "shebang-command": "^2.0.0",
                "which": "^2.0.1"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 8"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/debug": {
            "version": "4.3.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/debug/-/debug-4.3.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-PRWFHuSU3eDtQJPvnNY7Jcket1j0t5OuOsFzPPzsekD52Zl8qUfFIPEiswXqIvHWGVHOgX+7G/vCNNhehwxfkQ==",
            "dependencies": {
                "ms": "2.1.2"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=6.0"
            },
            "peerDependenciesMeta": {
                "supports-color": {
                    "optional": true
                }
            }
        },
        "node_modules/decamelize": {
            "version": "5.0.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/decamelize/-/decamelize-5.0.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-VfxadyCECXgQlkoEAjeghAr5gY3Hf+IKjKb+X8tGVDtveCjN+USwprd2q3QXBR9T1+x2DG0XZF5/w+7HAtSaXA==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=10"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/sindresorhus"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/decamelize-keys": {
            "version": "1.1.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/decamelize-keys/-/decamelize-keys-1.1.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-WiPxgEirIV0/eIOMcnFBA3/IJZAZqKnwAwWyvvdi4lsr1WCN22nhdf/3db3DoZcUjTV2SqfzIwNyp6y2xs3nmg==",
            "dependencies": {
                "decamelize": "^1.1.0",
                "map-obj": "^1.0.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=0.10.0"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/sindresorhus"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/decamelize-keys/node_modules/decamelize": {
            "version": "1.2.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/decamelize/-/decamelize-1.2.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-z2S+W9X73hAUUki+N+9Za2lBlun89zigOyGrsax+KUQ6wKW4ZoWpEYBkGhQjwAjjDCkWxhY0VKEhk8wzY7F5cA==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=0.10.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/decamelize-keys/node_modules/map-obj": {
            "version": "1.0.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/map-obj/-/map-obj-1.0.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-7N/q3lyZ+LVCp7PzuxrJr4KMbBE2hW7BT7YNia330OFxIf4d3r5zVpicP2650l7CPN6RM9zOJRl3NGpqSiw3Eg==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=0.10.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/decap-server": {
            "version": "3.0.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/decap-server/-/decap-server-3.0.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-djqNHCpKvYU0EqCCKROumK/QT23O1pV+pjqvbg2teCEj+z3mB6ji6GbZk7DXhpK6nHvvvXXdoSz6Ilrll1U9Ug==",
            "dependencies": {
                "@hapi/joi": "^17.0.2",
                "async-mutex": "^0.3.0",
                "cors": "^2.8.5",
                "dotenv": "^10.0.0",
                "express": "^4.18.2",
                "morgan": "^1.9.1",
                "simple-git": "^3.0.0",
                "what-the-diff": "^0.6.0",
                "winston": "^3.3.3"
            },
            "bin": {
                "decap-server": "dist/index.js"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=v10.22.1"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/define-data-property": {
            "version": "1.1.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/define-data-property/-/define-data-property-1.1.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-E7uGkTzkk1d0ByLeSc6ZsFS79Axg+m1P/VsgYsxHgiuc3tFSj+MjMIwe90FC4lOAZzNBdY7kkO2P2wKdsQ1vgQ==",
            "dependencies": {
                "get-intrinsic": "^1.2.1",
                "gopd": "^1.0.1",
                "has-property-descriptors": "^1.0.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.4"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/define-properties": {
            "version": "1.2.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/define-properties/-/define-properties-1.2.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-8QmQKqEASLd5nx0U1B1okLElbUuuttJ/AnYmRXbbbGDWh6uS208EjD4Xqq/I9wK7u0v6O08XhTWnt5XtEbR6Dg==",
            "dependencies": {
                "define-data-property": "^1.0.1",
                "has-property-descriptors": "^1.0.0",
                "object-keys": "^1.1.1"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.4"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/del": {
            "version": "7.1.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/del/-/del-7.1.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-v2KyNk7efxhlyHpjEvfyxaAihKKK0nWCuf6ZtqZcFFpQRG0bJ12Qsr0RpvsICMjAAZ8DOVCxrlqpxISlMHC4Kg==",
            "dependencies": {
                "globby": "^13.1.2",
                "graceful-fs": "^4.2.10",
                "is-glob": "^4.0.3",
                "is-path-cwd": "^3.0.0",
                "is-path-inside": "^4.0.0",
                "p-map": "^5.5.0",
                "rimraf": "^3.0.2",
                "slash": "^4.0.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=14.16"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/sindresorhus"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/del-cli": {
            "version": "5.1.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/del-cli/-/del-cli-5.1.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-xwMeh2acluWeccsfzE7VLsG3yTr7nWikbfw+xhMnpRrF15pGSkw+3/vJZWlGoE4I86UiLRNHicmKt4tkIX9Jtg==",
            "dependencies": {
                "del": "^7.1.0",
                "meow": "^10.1.3"
            },
            "bin": {
                "del": "cli.js",
                "del-cli": "cli.js"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=14.16"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/sindresorhus"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/depd": {
            "version": "2.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/depd/-/depd-2.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-g7nH6P6dyDioJogAAGprGpCtVImJhpPk/roCzdb3fIh61/s/nPsfR6onyMwkCAR/OlC3yBC0lESvUoQEAssIrw==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.8"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/dependency-graph": {
            "version": "0.11.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/dependency-graph/-/dependency-graph-0.11.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-JeMq7fEshyepOWDfcfHK06N3MhyPhz++vtqWhMT5O9A3K42rdsEDpfdVqjaqaAhsw6a+ZqeDvQVtD0hFHQWrzg==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.6.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/destroy": {
            "version": "1.2.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/destroy/-/destroy-1.2.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-2sJGJTaXIIaR1w4iJSNoN0hnMY7Gpc/n8D4qSCJw8QqFWXf7cuAgnEHxBpweaVcPevC2l3KpjYCx3NypQQgaJg==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.8",
                "npm": "1.2.8000 || >= 1.4.16"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/dev-ip": {
            "version": "1.0.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/dev-ip/-/dev-ip-1.0.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-LmVkry/oDShEgSZPNgqCIp2/TlqtExeGmymru3uCELnfyjY11IzpAproLYs+1X88fXO6DBoYP3ul2Xo2yz2j6A==",
            "bin": {
                "dev-ip": "lib/dev-ip.js"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.8.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/dir-glob": {
            "version": "3.0.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/dir-glob/-/dir-glob-3.0.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-WkrWp9GR4KXfKGYzOLmTuGVi1UWFfws377n9cc55/tb6DuqyF6pcQ5AbiHEshaDpY9v6oaSr2XCDidGmMwdzIA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "path-type": "^4.0.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=8"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/doctypes": {
            "version": "1.1.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/doctypes/-/doctypes-1.1.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-LLBi6pEqS6Do3EKQ3J0NqHWV5hhb78Pi8vvESYwyOy2c31ZEZVdtitdzsQsKb7878PEERhzUk0ftqGhG6Mz+pQ=="
        },
        "node_modules/dom-serializer": {
            "version": "1.4.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/dom-serializer/-/dom-serializer-1.4.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-VHwB3KfrcOOkelEG2ZOfxqLZdfkil8PtJi4P8N2MMXucZq2yLp75ClViUlOVwyoHEDjYU433Aq+5zWP61+RGag==",
            "dependencies": {
                "domelementtype": "^2.0.1",
                "domhandler": "^4.2.0",
                "entities": "^2.0.0"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/cheeriojs/dom-serializer?sponsor=1"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/dom-serializer/node_modules/entities": {
            "version": "2.2.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/entities/-/entities-2.2.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-p92if5Nz619I0w+akJrLZH0MX0Pb5DX39XOwQTtXSdQQOaYH03S1uIQp4mhOZtAXrxq4ViO67YTiLBo2638o9A==",
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/fb55/entities?sponsor=1"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/domelementtype": {
            "version": "2.3.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/domelementtype/-/domelementtype-2.3.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-OLETBj6w0OsagBwdXnPdN0cnMfF9opN69co+7ZrbfPGrdpPVNBUj02spi6B1N7wChLQiPn4CSH/zJvXw56gmHw==",
            "funding": [
                {
                    "type": "github",
                    "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/fb55"
                }
            ]
        },
        "node_modules/domhandler": {
            "version": "4.3.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/domhandler/-/domhandler-4.3.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-GrwoxYN+uWlzO8uhUXRl0P+kHE4GtVPfYzVLcUxPL7KNdHKj66vvlhiweIHqYYXWlw+T8iLMp42Lm67ghw4WMQ==",
            "dependencies": {
                "domelementtype": "^2.2.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 4"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/fb55/domhandler?sponsor=1"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/domutils": {
            "version": "2.8.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/domutils/-/domutils-2.8.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-w96Cjofp72M5IIhpjgobBimYEfoPjx1Vx0BSX9P30WBdZW2WIKU0T1Bd0kz2eNZ9ikjKgHbEyKx8BB6H1L3h3A==",
            "dependencies": {
                "dom-serializer": "^1.0.1",
                "domelementtype": "^2.2.0",
                "domhandler": "^4.2.0"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/fb55/domutils?sponsor=1"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/dotenv": {
            "version": "10.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/dotenv/-/dotenv-10.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-rlBi9d8jpv9Sf1klPjNfFAuWDjKLwTIJJ/VxtoTwIR6hnZxcEOQCZg2oIL3MWBYw5GpUDKOEnND7LXTbIpQ03Q==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=10"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/ee-first": {
            "version": "1.1.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/ee-first/-/ee-first-1.1.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-WMwm9LhRUo+WUaRN+vRuETqG89IgZphVSNkdFgeb6sS/E4OrDIN7t48CAewSHXc6C8lefD8KKfr5vY61brQlow=="
        },
        "node_modules/ejs": {
            "version": "3.1.10",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/ejs/-/ejs-3.1.10.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-UeJmFfOrAQS8OJWPZ4qtgHyWExa088/MtK5UEyoJGFH67cDEXkZSviOiKRCZ4Xij0zxI3JECgYs3oKx+AizQBA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "jake": "^10.8.5"
            },
            "bin": {
                "ejs": "bin/cli.js"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=0.10.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/enabled": {
            "version": "2.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/enabled/-/enabled-2.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-AKrN98kuwOzMIdAizXGI86UFBoo26CL21UM763y1h/GMSJ4/OHU9k2YlsmBpyScFo/wbLzWQJBMCW4+IO3/+OQ=="
        },
        "node_modules/encodeurl": {
            "version": "1.0.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/encodeurl/-/encodeurl-1.0.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-TPJXq8JqFaVYm2CWmPvnP2Iyo4ZSM7/QKcSmuMLDObfpH5fi7RUGmd/rTDf+rut/saiDiQEeVTNgAmJEdAOx0w==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.8"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/entities": {
            "version": "3.0.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/entities/-/entities-3.0.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-WiyBqoomrwMdFG1e0kqvASYfnlb0lp8M5o5Fw2OFq1hNZxxcNk8Ik0Xm7LxzBhuidnZB/UtBqVCgUz3kBOP51Q==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=0.12"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/fb55/entities?sponsor=1"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/errno": {
            "version": "0.1.8",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/errno/-/errno-0.1.8.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-dJ6oBr5SQ1VSd9qkk7ByRgb/1SH4JZjCHSW/mr63/QcXO9zLVxvJ6Oy13nio03rxpSnVDDjFor75SjVeZWPW/A==",
            "dependencies": {
                "prr": "~1.0.1"
            },
            "bin": {
                "errno": "cli.js"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/error-ex": {
            "version": "1.3.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/error-ex/-/error-ex-1.3.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-7dFHNmqeFSEt2ZBsCriorKnn3Z2pj+fd9kmI6QoWw4//DL+icEBfc0U7qJCisqrTsKTjw4fNFy2pW9OqStD84g==",
            "dependencies": {
                "is-arrayish": "^0.2.1"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/es-abstract": {
            "version": "1.22.3",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/es-abstract/-/es-abstract-1.22.3.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-eiiY8HQeYfYH2Con2berK+To6GrK2RxbPawDkGq4UiCQQfZHb6wX9qQqkbpPqaxQFcl8d9QzZqo0tGE0VcrdwA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "array-buffer-byte-length": "^1.0.0",
                "arraybuffer.prototype.slice": "^1.0.2",
                "available-typed-arrays": "^1.0.5",
                "call-bind": "^1.0.5",
                "es-set-tostringtag": "^2.0.1",
                "es-to-primitive": "^1.2.1",
                "function.prototype.name": "^1.1.6",
                "get-intrinsic": "^1.2.2",
                "get-symbol-description": "^1.0.0",
                "globalthis": "^1.0.3",
                "gopd": "^1.0.1",
                "has-property-descriptors": "^1.0.0",
                "has-proto": "^1.0.1",
                "has-symbols": "^1.0.3",
                "hasown": "^2.0.0",
                "internal-slot": "^1.0.5",
                "is-array-buffer": "^3.0.2",
                "is-callable": "^1.2.7",
                "is-negative-zero": "^2.0.2",
                "is-regex": "^1.1.4",
                "is-shared-array-buffer": "^1.0.2",
                "is-string": "^1.0.7",
                "is-typed-array": "^1.1.12",
                "is-weakref": "^1.0.2",
                "object-inspect": "^1.13.1",
                "object-keys": "^1.1.1",
                "object.assign": "^4.1.4",
                "regexp.prototype.flags": "^1.5.1",
                "safe-array-concat": "^1.0.1",
                "safe-regex-test": "^1.0.0",
                "string.prototype.trim": "^1.2.8",
                "string.prototype.trimend": "^1.0.7",
                "string.prototype.trimstart": "^1.0.7",
                "typed-array-buffer": "^1.0.0",
                "typed-array-byte-length": "^1.0.0",
                "typed-array-byte-offset": "^1.0.0",
                "typed-array-length": "^1.0.4",
                "unbox-primitive": "^1.0.2",
                "which-typed-array": "^1.1.13"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.4"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/es-set-tostringtag": {
            "version": "2.0.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/es-set-tostringtag/-/es-set-tostringtag-2.0.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-BuDyupZt65P9D2D2vA/zqcI3G5xRsklm5N3xCwuiy+/vKy8i0ifdsQP1sLgO4tZDSCaQUSnmC48khknGMV3D2Q==",
            "dependencies": {
                "get-intrinsic": "^1.2.2",
                "has-tostringtag": "^1.0.0",
                "hasown": "^2.0.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.4"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/es-to-primitive": {
            "version": "1.2.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/es-to-primitive/-/es-to-primitive-1.2.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-QCOllgZJtaUo9miYBcLChTUaHNjJF3PYs1VidD7AwiEj1kYxKeQTctLAezAOH5ZKRH0g2IgPn6KwB4IT8iRpvA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "is-callable": "^1.1.4",
                "is-date-object": "^1.0.1",
                "is-symbol": "^1.0.2"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.4"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/esbuild": {
            "version": "0.21.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/esbuild/-/esbuild-0.21.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-sFMcNNrj+Q0ZDolrp5pDhH0nRPN9hLIM3fRPwgbLYJeSHHgnXSnbV3xYgSVuOeLWH9c73VwmEverVzupIv5xuA==",
            "hasInstallScript": true,
            "bin": {
                "esbuild": "bin/esbuild"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=12"
            },
            "optionalDependencies": {
                "@esbuild/aix-ppc64": "0.21.4",
                "@esbuild/android-arm": "0.21.4",
                "@esbuild/android-arm64": "0.21.4",
                "@esbuild/android-x64": "0.21.4",
                "@esbuild/darwin-arm64": "0.21.4",
                "@esbuild/darwin-x64": "0.21.4",
                "@esbuild/freebsd-arm64": "0.21.4",
                "@esbuild/freebsd-x64": "0.21.4",
                "@esbuild/linux-arm": "0.21.4",
                "@esbuild/linux-arm64": "0.21.4",
                "@esbuild/linux-ia32": "0.21.4",
                "@esbuild/linux-loong64": "0.21.4",
                "@esbuild/linux-mips64el": "0.21.4",
                "@esbuild/linux-ppc64": "0.21.4",
                "@esbuild/linux-riscv64": "0.21.4",
                "@esbuild/linux-s390x": "0.21.4",
                "@esbuild/linux-x64": "0.21.4",
                "@esbuild/netbsd-x64": "0.21.4",
                "@esbuild/openbsd-x64": "0.21.4",
                "@esbuild/sunos-x64": "0.21.4",
                "@esbuild/win32-arm64": "0.21.4",
                "@esbuild/win32-ia32": "0.21.4",
                "@esbuild/win32-x64": "0.21.4"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/escape-html": {
            "version": "1.0.3",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/escape-html/-/escape-html-1.0.3.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-NiSupZ4OeuGwr68lGIeym/ksIZMJodUGOSCZ/FSnTxcrekbvqrgdUxlJOMpijaKZVjAJrWrGs/6Jy8OMuyj9ow=="
        },
        "node_modules/escape-string-regexp": {
            "version": "4.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/escape-string-regexp/-/escape-string-regexp-4.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-TtpcNJ3XAzx3Gq8sWRzJaVajRs0uVxA2YAkdb1jm2YkPz4G6egUFAyA3n5vtEIZefPk5Wa4UXbKuS5fKkJWdgA==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=10"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/sindresorhus"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/esprima": {
            "version": "4.0.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/esprima/-/esprima-4.0.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-eGuFFw7Upda+g4p+QHvnW0RyTX/SVeJBDM/gCtMARO0cLuT2HcEKnTPvhjV6aGeqrCB/sbNop0Kszm0jsaWU4A==",
            "bin": {
                "esparse": "bin/esparse.js",
                "esvalidate": "bin/esvalidate.js"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=4"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/etag": {
            "version": "1.8.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/etag/-/etag-1.8.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-aIL5Fx7mawVa300al2BnEE4iNvo1qETxLrPI/o05L7z6go7fCw1J6EQmbK4FmJ2AS7kgVF/KEZWufBfdClMcPg==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.6"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/express": {
            "version": "4.19.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/express/-/express-4.19.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-5T6nhjsT+EOMzuck8JjBHARTHfMht0POzlA60WV2pMD3gyXw2LZnZ+ueGdNxG+0calOJcWKbpFcuzLZ91YWq9Q==",
            "dependencies": {
                "accepts": "~1.3.8",
                "array-flatten": "1.1.1",
                "body-parser": "1.20.2",
                "content-disposition": "0.5.4",
                "content-type": "~1.0.4",
                "cookie": "0.6.0",
                "cookie-signature": "1.0.6",
                "debug": "2.6.9",
                "depd": "2.0.0",
                "encodeurl": "~1.0.2",
                "escape-html": "~1.0.3",
                "etag": "~1.8.1",
                "finalhandler": "1.2.0",
                "fresh": "0.5.2",
                "http-errors": "2.0.0",
                "merge-descriptors": "1.0.1",
                "methods": "~1.1.2",
                "on-finished": "2.4.1",
                "parseurl": "~1.3.3",
                "path-to-regexp": "0.1.7",
                "proxy-addr": "~2.0.7",
                "qs": "6.11.0",
                "range-parser": "~1.2.1",
                "safe-buffer": "5.2.1",
                "send": "0.18.0",
                "serve-static": "1.15.0",
                "setprototypeof": "1.2.0",
                "statuses": "2.0.1",
                "type-is": "~1.6.18",
                "utils-merge": "1.0.1",
                "vary": "~1.1.2"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.10.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/express/node_modules/debug": {
            "version": "2.6.9",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/debug/-/debug-2.6.9.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-bC7ElrdJaJnPbAP+1EotYvqZsb3ecl5wi6Bfi6BJTUcNowp6cvspg0jXznRTKDjm/E7AdgFBVeAPVMNcKGsHMA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "ms": "2.0.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/express/node_modules/ms": {
            "version": "2.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/ms/-/ms-2.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-Tpp60P6IUJDTuOq/5Z8cdskzJujfwqfOTkrwIwj7IRISpnkJnT6SyJ4PCPnGMoFjC9ddhal5KVIYtAt97ix05A=="
        },
        "node_modules/express/node_modules/path-to-regexp": {
            "version": "0.1.7",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/path-to-regexp/-/path-to-regexp-0.1.7.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-5DFkuoqlv1uYQKxy8omFBeJPQcdoE07Kv2sferDCrAq1ohOU+MSDswDIbnx3YAM60qIOnYa53wBhXW0EbMonrQ=="
        },
        "node_modules/extend-shallow": {
            "version": "2.0.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/extend-shallow/-/extend-shallow-2.0.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-zCnTtlxNoAiDc3gqY2aYAWFx7XWWiasuF2K8Me5WbN8otHKTUKBwjPtNpRs/rbUZm7KxWAaNj7P1a/p52GbVug==",
            "dependencies": {
                "is-extendable": "^0.1.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=0.10.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/fast-glob": {
            "version": "3.3.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/fast-glob/-/fast-glob-3.3.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-oX2ruAFQwf/Orj8m737Y5adxDQO0LAB7/S5MnxCdTNDd4p6BsyIVsv9JQsATbTSq8KHRpLwIHbVlUNatxd+1Ow==",
            "dependencies": {
                "@nodelib/fs.stat": "^2.0.2",
                "@nodelib/fs.walk": "^1.2.3",
                "glob-parent": "^5.1.2",
                "merge2": "^1.3.0",
                "micromatch": "^4.0.4"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=8.6.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/fastq": {
            "version": "1.15.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/fastq/-/fastq-1.15.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-wBrocU2LCXXa+lWBt8RoIRD89Fi8OdABODa/kEnyeyjS5aZO5/GNvI5sEINADqP/h8M29UHTHUb53sUu5Ihqdw==",
            "dependencies": {
                "reusify": "^1.0.4"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/fecha": {
            "version": "4.2.3",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/fecha/-/fecha-4.2.3.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-OP2IUU6HeYKJi3i0z4A19kHMQoLVs4Hc+DPqqxI2h/DPZHTm/vjsfC6P0b4jCMy14XizLBqvndQ+UilD7707Jw=="
        },
        "node_modules/filelist": {
            "version": "1.0.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/filelist/-/filelist-1.0.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-w1cEuf3S+DrLCQL7ET6kz+gmlJdbq9J7yXCSjK/OZCPA+qEN1WyF4ZAf0YYJa4/shHJra2t/d/r8SV4Ji+x+8Q==",
            "dependencies": {
                "minimatch": "^5.0.1"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/filelist/node_modules/brace-expansion": {
            "version": "2.0.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/brace-expansion/-/brace-expansion-2.0.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-XnAIvQ8eM+kC6aULx6wuQiwVsnzsi9d3WxzV3FpWTGA19F621kwdbsAcFKXgKUHZWsy+mY6iL1sHTxWEFCytDA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "balanced-match": "^1.0.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/filelist/node_modules/minimatch": {
            "version": "5.1.6",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/minimatch/-/minimatch-5.1.6.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-lKwV/1brpG6mBUFHtb7NUmtABCb2WZZmm2wNiOA5hAb8VdCS4B3dtMWyvcoViccwAW/COERjXLt0zP1zXUN26g==",
            "dependencies": {
                "brace-expansion": "^2.0.1"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=10"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/fill-range": {
            "version": "7.1.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/fill-range/-/fill-range-7.1.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-YsGpe3WHLK8ZYi4tWDg2Jy3ebRz2rXowDxnld4bkQB00cc/1Zw9AWnC0i9ztDJitivtQvaI9KaLyKrc+hBW0yg==",
            "license": "MIT",
            "dependencies": {
                "to-regex-range": "^5.0.1"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=8"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/finalhandler": {
            "version": "1.2.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/finalhandler/-/finalhandler-1.2.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-5uXcUVftlQMFnWC9qu/svkWv3GTd2PfUhK/3PLkYNAe7FbqJMt3515HaxE6eRL74GdsriiwujiawdaB1BpEISg==",
            "dependencies": {
                "debug": "2.6.9",
                "encodeurl": "~1.0.2",
                "escape-html": "~1.0.3",
                "on-finished": "2.4.1",
                "parseurl": "~1.3.3",
                "statuses": "2.0.1",
                "unpipe": "~1.0.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.8"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/finalhandler/node_modules/debug": {
            "version": "2.6.9",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/debug/-/debug-2.6.9.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-bC7ElrdJaJnPbAP+1EotYvqZsb3ecl5wi6Bfi6BJTUcNowp6cvspg0jXznRTKDjm/E7AdgFBVeAPVMNcKGsHMA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "ms": "2.0.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/finalhandler/node_modules/ms": {
            "version": "2.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/ms/-/ms-2.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-Tpp60P6IUJDTuOq/5Z8cdskzJujfwqfOTkrwIwj7IRISpnkJnT6SyJ4PCPnGMoFjC9ddhal5KVIYtAt97ix05A=="
        },
        "node_modules/find-up": {
            "version": "5.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/find-up/-/find-up-5.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-78/PXT1wlLLDgTzDs7sjq9hzz0vXD+zn+7wypEe4fXQxCmdmqfGsEPQxmiCSQI3ajFV91bVSsvNtrJRiW6nGng==",
            "dependencies": {
                "locate-path": "^6.0.0",
                "path-exists": "^4.0.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=10"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/sindresorhus"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/fn.name": {
            "version": "1.1.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/fn.name/-/fn.name-1.1.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-GRnmB5gPyJpAhTQdSZTSp9uaPSvl09KoYcMQtsB9rQoOmzs9dH6ffeccH+Z+cv6P68Hu5bC6JjRh4Ah/mHSNRw=="
        },
        "node_modules/for-each": {
            "version": "0.3.3",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/for-each/-/for-each-0.3.3.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-jqYfLp7mo9vIyQf8ykW2v7A+2N4QjeCeI5+Dz9XraiO1ign81wjiH7Fb9vSOWvQfNtmSa4H2RoQTrrXivdUZmw==",
            "dependencies": {
                "is-callable": "^1.1.3"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/forwarded": {
            "version": "0.2.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/forwarded/-/forwarded-0.2.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-buRG0fpBtRHSTCOASe6hD258tEubFoRLb4ZNA6NxMVHNw2gOcwHo9wyablzMzOA5z9xA9L1KNjk/Nt6MT9aYow==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.6"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/fresh": {
            "version": "0.5.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/fresh/-/fresh-0.5.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-zJ2mQYM18rEFOudeV4GShTGIQ7RbzA7ozbU9I/XBpm7kqgMywgmylMwXHxZJmkVoYkna9d2pVXVXPdYTP9ej8Q==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.6"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/fs.realpath": {
            "version": "1.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/fs.realpath/-/fs.realpath-1.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-OO0pH2lK6a0hZnAdau5ItzHPI6pUlvI7jMVnxUQRtw4owF2wk8lOSabtGDCTP4Ggrg2MbGnWO9X8K1t4+fGMDw=="
        },
        "node_modules/fsevents": {
            "version": "2.3.3",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/fsevents/-/fsevents-2.3.3.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-5xoDfX+fL7faATnagmWPpbFtwh/R77WmMMqqHGS65C3vvB0YHrgF+B1YmZ3441tMj5n63k0212XNoJwzlhffQw==",
            "hasInstallScript": true,
            "optional": true,
            "os": [
                "darwin"
            ],
            "engines": {
                "node": "^8.16.0 || ^10.6.0 || >=11.0.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/function-bind": {
            "version": "1.1.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/function-bind/-/function-bind-1.1.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-7XHNxH7qX9xG5mIwxkhumTox/MIRNcOgDrxWsMt2pAr23WHp6MrRlN7FBSFpCpr+oVO0F744iUgR82nJMfG2SA==",
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/function.prototype.name": {
            "version": "1.1.6",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/function.prototype.name/-/function.prototype.name-1.1.6.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-Z5kx79swU5P27WEayXM1tBi5Ze/lbIyiNgU3qyXUOf9b2rgXYyF9Dy9Cx+IQv/Lc8WCG6L82zwUPpSS9hGehIg==",
            "dependencies": {
                "call-bind": "^1.0.2",
                "define-properties": "^1.2.0",
                "es-abstract": "^1.22.1",
                "functions-have-names": "^1.2.3"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.4"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/functions-have-names": {
            "version": "1.2.3",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/functions-have-names/-/functions-have-names-1.2.3.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-xckBUXyTIqT97tq2x2AMb+g163b5JFysYk0x4qxNFwbfQkmNZoiRHb6sPzI9/QV33WeuvVYBUIiD4NzNIyqaRQ==",
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/get-intrinsic": {
            "version": "1.2.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/get-intrinsic/-/get-intrinsic-1.2.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-0gSo4ml/0j98Y3lngkFEot/zhiCeWsbYIlZ+uZOVgzLyLaUw7wxUL+nCTP0XJvJg1AXulJRI3UJi8GsbDuxdGA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "function-bind": "^1.1.2",
                "has-proto": "^1.0.1",
                "has-symbols": "^1.0.3",
                "hasown": "^2.0.0"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/get-symbol-description": {
            "version": "1.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/get-symbol-description/-/get-symbol-description-1.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-2EmdH1YvIQiZpltCNgkuiUnyukzxM/R6NDJX31Ke3BG1Nq5b0S2PhX59UKi9vZpPDQVdqn+1IcaAwnzTT5vCjw==",
            "dependencies": {
                "call-bind": "^1.0.2",
                "get-intrinsic": "^1.1.1"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.4"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/glob": {
            "version": "7.2.3",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/glob/-/glob-7.2.3.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-nFR0zLpU2YCaRxwoCJvL6UvCH2JFyFVIvwTLsIf21AuHlMskA1hhTdk+LlYJtOlYt9v6dvszD2BGRqBL+iQK9Q==",
            "dependencies": {
                "fs.realpath": "^1.0.0",
                "inflight": "^1.0.4",
                "inherits": "2",
                "minimatch": "^3.1.1",
                "once": "^1.3.0",
                "path-is-absolute": "^1.0.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": "*"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/isaacs"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/glob-parent": {
            "version": "5.1.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/glob-parent/-/glob-parent-5.1.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-AOIgSQCepiJYwP3ARnGx+5VnTu2HBYdzbGP45eLw1vr3zB3vZLeyed1sC9hnbcOc9/SrMyM5RPQrkGz4aS9Zow==",
            "dependencies": {
                "is-glob": "^4.0.1"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 6"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/globalthis": {
            "version": "1.0.3",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/globalthis/-/globalthis-1.0.3.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-sFdI5LyBiNTHjRd7cGPWapiHWMOXKyuBNX/cWJ3NfzrZQVa8GI/8cofCl74AOVqq9W5kNmguTIzJ/1s2gyI9wA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "define-properties": "^1.1.3"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.4"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/globby": {
            "version": "13.2.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/globby/-/globby-13.2.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-Y1zNGV+pzQdh7H39l9zgB4PJqjRNqydvdYCDG4HFXM4XuvSaQQlEc91IU1yALL8gUTDomgBAfz3XJdmUS+oo0w==",
            "dependencies": {
                "dir-glob": "^3.0.1",
                "fast-glob": "^3.3.0",
                "ignore": "^5.2.4",
                "merge2": "^1.4.1",
                "slash": "^4.0.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": "^12.20.0 || ^14.13.1 || >=16.0.0"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/sindresorhus"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/gopd": {
            "version": "1.0.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/gopd/-/gopd-1.0.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-d65bNlIadxvpb/A2abVdlqKqV563juRnZ1Wtk6s1sIR8uNsXR70xqIzVqxVf1eTqDunwT2MkczEeaezCKTZhwA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "get-intrinsic": "^1.1.3"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/graceful-fs": {
            "version": "4.2.11",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/graceful-fs/-/graceful-fs-4.2.11.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-RbJ5/jmFcNNCcDV5o9eTnBLJ/HszWV0P73bc+Ff4nS/rJj+YaS6IGyiOL0VoBYX+l1Wrl3k63h/KrH+nhJ0XvQ=="
        },
        "node_modules/gray-matter": {
            "version": "4.0.3",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/gray-matter/-/gray-matter-4.0.3.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-5v6yZd4JK3eMI3FqqCouswVqwugaA9r4dNZB1wwcmrD02QkV5H0y7XBQW8QwQqEaZY1pM9aqORSORhJRdNK44Q==",
            "dependencies": {
                "js-yaml": "^3.13.1",
                "kind-of": "^6.0.2",
                "section-matter": "^1.0.0",
                "strip-bom-string": "^1.0.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=6.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/hamljs": {
            "version": "0.6.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/hamljs/-/hamljs-0.6.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-/chXRp4WpL47I+HX1vCCdSbEXAljEG2FBMmgO7Am0bYsqgnEjreeWzUdX1onXqwZtcfgxbCg5WtEYYvuZ5muBg=="
        },
        "node_modules/handlebars": {
            "version": "4.7.8",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/handlebars/-/handlebars-4.7.8.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-vafaFqs8MZkRrSX7sFVUdo3ap/eNiLnb4IakshzvP56X5Nr1iGKAIqdX6tMlm6HcNRIkr6AxO5jFEoJzzpT8aQ==",
            "dependencies": {
                "minimist": "^1.2.5",
                "neo-async": "^2.6.2",
                "source-map": "^0.6.1",
                "wordwrap": "^1.0.0"
            },
            "bin": {
                "handlebars": "bin/handlebars"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=0.4.7"
            },
            "optionalDependencies": {
                "uglify-js": "^3.1.4"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/hard-rejection": {
            "version": "2.1.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/hard-rejection/-/hard-rejection-2.1.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-VIZB+ibDhx7ObhAe7OVtoEbuP4h/MuOTHJ+J8h/eBXotJYl0fBgR72xDFCKgIh22OJZIOVNxBMWuhAr10r8HdA==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=6"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/has-bigints": {
            "version": "1.0.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/has-bigints/-/has-bigints-1.0.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-tSvCKtBr9lkF0Ex0aQiP9N+OpV4zi2r/Nee5VkRDbaqv35RLYMzbwQfFSZZH0kR+Rd6302UJZ2p/bJCEoR3VoQ==",
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/has-flag": {
            "version": "4.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/has-flag/-/has-flag-4.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-EykJT/Q1KjTWctppgIAgfSO0tKVuZUjhgMr17kqTumMl6Afv3EISleU7qZUzoXDFTAHTDC4NOoG/ZxU3EvlMPQ==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=8"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/has-property-descriptors": {
            "version": "1.0.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/has-property-descriptors/-/has-property-descriptors-1.0.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-VsX8eaIewvas0xnvinAe9bw4WfIeODpGYikiWYLH+dma0Jw6KHYqWiWfhQlgOVK8D6PvjubK5Uc4P0iIhIcNVg==",
            "dependencies": {
                "get-intrinsic": "^1.2.2"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/has-proto": {
            "version": "1.0.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/has-proto/-/has-proto-1.0.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-7qE+iP+O+bgF9clE5+UoBFzE65mlBiVj3tKCrlNQ0Ogwm0BjpT/gK4SlLYDMybDh5I3TCTKnPPa0oMG7JDYrhg==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.4"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/has-symbols": {
            "version": "1.0.3",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/has-symbols/-/has-symbols-1.0.3.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-l3LCuF6MgDNwTDKkdYGEihYjt5pRPbEg46rtlmnSPlUbgmB8LOIrKJbYYFBSbnPaJexMKtiPO8hmeRjRz2Td+A==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.4"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/has-tostringtag": {
            "version": "1.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/has-tostringtag/-/has-tostringtag-1.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-kFjcSNhnlGV1kyoGk7OXKSawH5JOb/LzUc5w9B02hOTO0dfFRjbHQKvg1d6cf3HbeUmtU9VbbV3qzZ2Teh97WQ==",
            "dependencies": {
                "has-symbols": "^1.0.2"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.4"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/hasown": {
            "version": "2.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/hasown/-/hasown-2.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-vUptKVTpIJhcczKBbgnS+RtcuYMB8+oNzPK2/Hp3hanz8JmpATdmmgLgSaadVREkDm+e2giHwY3ZRkyjSIDDFA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "function-bind": "^1.1.2"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.4"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/he": {
            "version": "1.2.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/he/-/he-1.2.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-F/1DnUGPopORZi0ni+CvrCgHQ5FyEAHRLSApuYWMmrbSwoN2Mn/7k+Gl38gJnR7yyDZk6WLXwiGod1JOWNDKGw==",
            "bin": {
                "he": "bin/he"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/hosted-git-info": {
            "version": "4.1.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/hosted-git-info/-/hosted-git-info-4.1.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-kyCuEOWjJqZuDbRHzL8V93NzQhwIB71oFWSyzVo+KPZI+pnQPPxucdkrOZvkLRnrf5URsQM+IJ09Dw29cRALIA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "lru-cache": "^6.0.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=10"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/html-minifier": {
            "version": "4.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/html-minifier/-/html-minifier-4.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-aoGxanpFPLg7MkIl/DDFYtb0iWz7jMFGqFhvEDZga6/4QTjneiD8I/NXL1x5aaoCp7FSIT6h/OhykDdPsbtMig==",
            "dependencies": {
                "camel-case": "^3.0.0",
                "clean-css": "^4.2.1",
                "commander": "^2.19.0",
                "he": "^1.2.0",
                "param-case": "^2.1.1",
                "relateurl": "^0.2.7",
                "uglify-js": "^3.5.1"
            },
            "bin": {
                "html-minifier": "cli.js"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=6"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/htmlparser2": {
            "version": "7.2.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/htmlparser2/-/htmlparser2-7.2.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-H7MImA4MS6cw7nbyURtLPO1Tms7C5H602LRETv95z1MxO/7CP7rDVROehUYeYBUYEON94NXXDEPmZuq+hX4sog==",
            "funding": [
                "https://github.com/fb55/htmlparser2?sponsor=1",
                {
                    "type": "github",
                    "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/fb55"
                }
            ],
            "dependencies": {
                "domelementtype": "^2.0.1",
                "domhandler": "^4.2.2",
                "domutils": "^2.8.0",
                "entities": "^3.0.1"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/http-equiv-refresh": {
            "version": "1.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/http-equiv-refresh/-/http-equiv-refresh-1.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-TScO04soylRN9i/QdOdgZyhydXg9z6XdaGzEyOgDKycePeDeTT4KvigjBcI+tgfTlieLWauGORMq5F1eIDa+1w==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.10"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/http-errors": {
            "version": "2.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/http-errors/-/http-errors-2.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-FtwrG/euBzaEjYeRqOgly7G0qviiXoJWnvEH2Z1plBdXgbyjv34pHTSb9zoeHMyDy33+DWy5Wt9Wo+TURtOYSQ==",
            "dependencies": {
                "depd": "2.0.0",
                "inherits": "2.0.4",
                "setprototypeof": "1.2.0",
                "statuses": "2.0.1",
                "toidentifier": "1.0.1"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.8"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/iconv-lite": {
            "version": "0.4.24",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/iconv-lite/-/iconv-lite-0.4.24.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-v3MXnZAcvnywkTUEZomIActle7RXXeedOR31wwl7VlyoXO4Qi9arvSenNQWne1TcRwhCL1HwLI21bEqdpj8/rA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "safer-buffer": ">= 2.1.2 < 3"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=0.10.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/ignore": {
            "version": "5.3.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/ignore/-/ignore-5.3.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-g7dmpshy+gD7mh88OC9NwSGTKoc3kyLAZQRU1mt53Aw/vnvfXnbC+F/7F7QoYVKbV+KNvJx8wArewKy1vXMtlg==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 4"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/immutable": {
            "version": "4.3.6",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/immutable/-/immutable-4.3.6.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-Ju0+lEMyzMVZarkTn/gqRpdqd5dOPaz1mCZ0SH3JV6iFw81PldE/PEB1hWVEA288HPt4WXW8O7AWxB10M+03QQ=="
        },
        "node_modules/indent-string": {
            "version": "5.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/indent-string/-/indent-string-5.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-m6FAo/spmsW2Ab2fU35JTYwtOKa2yAwXSwgjSv1TJzh4Mh7mC3lzAOVLBprb72XsTrgkEIsl7YrFNAiDiRhIGg==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=12"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/sindresorhus"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/inflight": {
            "version": "1.0.6",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/inflight/-/inflight-1.0.6.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-k92I/b08q4wvFscXCLvqfsHCrjrF7yiXsQuIVvVE7N82W3+aqpzuUdBbfhWcy/FZR3/4IgflMgKLOsvPDrGCJA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "once": "^1.3.0",
                "wrappy": "1"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/inherits": {
            "version": "2.0.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/inherits/-/inherits-2.0.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-k/vGaX4/Yla3WzyMCvTQOXYeIHvqOKtnqBduzTHpzpQZzAskKMhZ2K+EnBiSM9zGSoIFeMpXKxa4dYeZIQqewQ=="
        },
        "node_modules/internal-slot": {
            "version": "1.0.6",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/internal-slot/-/internal-slot-1.0.6.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-Xj6dv+PsbtwyPpEflsejS+oIZxmMlV44zAhG479uYu89MsjcYOhCFnNyKrkJrihbsiasQyY0afoCl/9BLR65bg==",
            "dependencies": {
                "get-intrinsic": "^1.2.2",
                "hasown": "^2.0.0",
                "side-channel": "^1.0.4"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.4"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/ipaddr.js": {
            "version": "1.9.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/ipaddr.js/-/ipaddr.js-1.9.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-0KI/607xoxSToH7GjN1FfSbLoU0+btTicjsQSWQlh/hZykN8KpmMf7uYwPW3R+akZ6R/w18ZlXSHBYXiYUPO3g==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.10"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/is-alphabetical": {
            "version": "1.0.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/is-alphabetical/-/is-alphabetical-1.0.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-DwzsA04LQ10FHTZuL0/grVDk4rFoVH1pjAToYwBrHSxcrBIGQuXrQMtD5U1b0U2XVgKZCTLLP8u2Qxqhy3l2Vg==",
            "funding": {
                "type": "github",
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/wooorm"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/is-alphanumerical": {
            "version": "1.0.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/is-alphanumerical/-/is-alphanumerical-1.0.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-UzoZUr+XfVz3t3v4KyGEniVL9BDRoQtY7tOyrRybkVNjDFWyo1yhXNGrrBTQxp3ib9BLAWs7k2YKBQsFRkZG9A==",
            "dependencies": {
                "is-alphabetical": "^1.0.0",
                "is-decimal": "^1.0.0"
            },
            "funding": {
                "type": "github",
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/wooorm"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/is-array-buffer": {
            "version": "3.0.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/is-array-buffer/-/is-array-buffer-3.0.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-y+FyyR/w8vfIRq4eQcM1EYgSTnmHXPqaF+IgzgraytCFq5Xh8lllDVmAZolPJiZttZLeFSINPYMaEJ7/vWUa1w==",
            "dependencies": {
                "call-bind": "^1.0.2",
                "get-intrinsic": "^1.2.0",
                "is-typed-array": "^1.1.10"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/is-arrayish": {
            "version": "0.2.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/is-arrayish/-/is-arrayish-0.2.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-zz06S8t0ozoDXMG+ube26zeCTNXcKIPJZJi8hBrF4idCLms4CG9QtK7qBl1boi5ODzFpjswb5JPmHCbMpjaYzg=="
        },
        "node_modules/is-bigint": {
            "version": "1.0.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/is-bigint/-/is-bigint-1.0.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-zB9CruMamjym81i2JZ3UMn54PKGsQzsJeo6xvN3HJJ4CAsQNB6iRutp2To77OfCNuoxspsIhzaPoO1zyCEhFOg==",
            "dependencies": {
                "has-bigints": "^1.0.1"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/is-binary-path": {
            "version": "2.1.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/is-binary-path/-/is-binary-path-2.1.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-ZMERYes6pDydyuGidse7OsHxtbI7WVeUEozgR/g7rd0xUimYNlvZRE/K2MgZTjWy725IfelLeVcEM97mmtRGXw==",
            "dependencies": {
                "binary-extensions": "^2.0.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=8"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/is-boolean-object": {
            "version": "1.1.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/is-boolean-object/-/is-boolean-object-1.1.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-gDYaKHJmnj4aWxyj6YHyXVpdQawtVLHU5cb+eztPGczf6cjuTdwve5ZIEfgXqH4e57An1D1AKf8CZ3kYrQRqYA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "call-bind": "^1.0.2",
                "has-tostringtag": "^1.0.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.4"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/is-callable": {
            "version": "1.2.7",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/is-callable/-/is-callable-1.2.7.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-1BC0BVFhS/p0qtw6enp8e+8OD0UrK0oFLztSjNzhcKA3WDuJxxAPXzPuPtKkjEY9UUoEWlX/8fgKeu2S8i9JTA==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.4"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/is-core-module": {
            "version": "2.13.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/is-core-module/-/is-core-module-2.13.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-hHrIjvZsftOsvKSn2TRYl63zvxsgE0K+0mYMoH6gD4omR5IWB2KynivBQczo3+wF1cCkjzvptnI9Q0sPU66ilw==",
            "dependencies": {
                "hasown": "^2.0.0"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/is-date-object": {
            "version": "1.0.5",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/is-date-object/-/is-date-object-1.0.5.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-9YQaSxsAiSwcvS33MBk3wTCVnWK+HhF8VZR2jRxehM16QcVOdHqPn4VPHmRK4lSr38n9JriurInLcP90xsYNfQ==",
            "dependencies": {
                "has-tostringtag": "^1.0.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.4"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/is-decimal": {
            "version": "1.0.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/is-decimal/-/is-decimal-1.0.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-RGdriMmQQvZ2aqaQq3awNA6dCGtKpiDFcOzrTWrDAT2MiWrKQVPmxLGHl7Y2nNu6led0kEyoX0enY0qXYsv9zw==",
            "funding": {
                "type": "github",
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/wooorm"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/is-expression": {
            "version": "4.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/is-expression/-/is-expression-4.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-zMIXX63sxzG3XrkHkrAPvm/OVZVSCPNkwMHU8oTX7/U3AL78I0QXCEICXUM13BIa8TYGZ68PiTKfQz3yaTNr4A==",
            "dependencies": {
                "acorn": "^7.1.1",
                "object-assign": "^4.1.1"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/is-extendable": {
            "version": "0.1.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/is-extendable/-/is-extendable-0.1.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-5BMULNob1vgFX6EjQw5izWDxrecWK9AM72rugNr0TFldMOi0fj6Jk+zeKIt0xGj4cEfQIJth4w3OKWOJ4f+AFw==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=0.10.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/is-extglob": {
            "version": "2.1.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/is-extglob/-/is-extglob-2.1.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-SbKbANkN603Vi4jEZv49LeVJMn4yGwsbzZworEoyEiutsN3nJYdbO36zfhGJ6QEDpOZIFkDtnq5JRxmvl3jsoQ==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=0.10.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/is-glob": {
            "version": "4.0.3",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/is-glob/-/is-glob-4.0.3.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-xelSayHH36ZgE7ZWhli7pW34hNbNl8Ojv5KVmkJD4hBdD3th8Tfk9vYasLM+mXWOZhFkgZfxhLSnrwRr4elSSg==",
            "dependencies": {
                "is-extglob": "^2.1.1"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=0.10.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/is-json": {
            "version": "2.0.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/is-json/-/is-json-2.0.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-6BEnpVn1rcf3ngfmViLM6vjUjGErbdrL4rwlv+u1NO1XO8kqT4YGL8+19Q+Z/bas8tY90BTWMk2+fW1g6hQjbA=="
        },
        "node_modules/is-negative-zero": {
            "version": "2.0.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/is-negative-zero/-/is-negative-zero-2.0.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-dqJvarLawXsFbNDeJW7zAz8ItJ9cd28YufuuFzh0G8pNHjJMnY08Dv7sYX2uF5UpQOwieAeOExEYAWWfu7ZZUA==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.4"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/is-number": {
            "version": "7.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/is-number/-/is-number-7.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-41Cifkg6e8TylSpdtTpeLVMqvSBEVzTttHvERD741+pnZ8ANv0004MRL43QKPDlK9cGvNp6NZWZUBlbGXYxxng==",
            "license": "MIT",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=0.12.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/is-number-object": {
            "version": "1.0.7",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/is-number-object/-/is-number-object-1.0.7.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-k1U0IRzLMo7ZlYIfzRu23Oh6MiIFasgpb9X76eqfFZAqwH44UI4KTBvBYIZ1dSL9ZzChTB9ShHfLkR4pdW5krQ==",
            "dependencies": {
                "has-tostringtag": "^1.0.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.4"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/is-path-cwd": {
            "version": "3.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/is-path-cwd/-/is-path-cwd-3.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-kyiNFFLU0Ampr6SDZitD/DwUo4Zs1nSdnygUBqsu3LooL00Qvb5j+UnvApUn/TTj1J3OuE6BTdQ5rudKmU2ZaA==",
            "engines": {
                "node": "^12.20.0 || ^14.13.1 || >=16.0.0"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/sindresorhus"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/is-path-inside": {
            "version": "4.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/is-path-inside/-/is-path-inside-4.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-lJJV/5dYS+RcL8uQdBDW9c9uWFLLBNRyFhnAKXw5tVqLlKZ4RMGZKv+YQ/IA3OhD+RpbJa1LLFM1FQPGyIXvOA==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=12"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/sindresorhus"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/is-plain-obj": {
            "version": "1.1.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/is-plain-obj/-/is-plain-obj-1.1.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-yvkRyxmFKEOQ4pNXCmJG5AEQNlXJS5LaONXo5/cLdTZdWvsZ1ioJEonLGAosKlMWE8lwUy/bJzMjcw8az73+Fg==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=0.10.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/is-promise": {
            "version": "2.2.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/is-promise/-/is-promise-2.2.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-+lP4/6lKUBfQjZ2pdxThZvLUAafmZb8OAxFb8XXtiQmS35INgr85hdOGoEs124ez1FCnZJt6jau/T+alh58QFQ=="
        },
        "node_modules/is-regex": {
            "version": "1.1.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/is-regex/-/is-regex-1.1.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-kvRdxDsxZjhzUX07ZnLydzS1TU/TJlTUHHY4YLL87e37oUA49DfkLqgy+VjFocowy29cKvcSiu+kIv728jTTVg==",
            "dependencies": {
                "call-bind": "^1.0.2",
                "has-tostringtag": "^1.0.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.4"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/is-shared-array-buffer": {
            "version": "1.0.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/is-shared-array-buffer/-/is-shared-array-buffer-1.0.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-sqN2UDu1/0y6uvXyStCOzyhAjCSlHceFoMKJW8W9EU9cvic/QdsZ0kEU93HEy3IUEFZIiH/3w+AH/UQbPHNdhA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "call-bind": "^1.0.2"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/is-stream": {
            "version": "2.0.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/is-stream/-/is-stream-2.0.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-hFoiJiTl63nn+kstHGBtewWSKnQLpyb155KHheA1l39uvtO9nWIop1p3udqPcUd/xbF1VLMO4n7OI6p7RbngDg==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=8"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/sindresorhus"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/is-string": {
            "version": "1.0.7",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/is-string/-/is-string-1.0.7.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-tE2UXzivje6ofPW7l23cjDOMa09gb7xlAqG6jG5ej6uPV32TlWP3NKPigtaGeHNu9fohccRYvIiZMfOOnOYUtg==",
            "dependencies": {
                "has-tostringtag": "^1.0.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.4"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/is-symbol": {
            "version": "1.0.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/is-symbol/-/is-symbol-1.0.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-C/CPBqKWnvdcxqIARxyOh4v1UUEOCHpgDa0WYgpKDFMszcrPcffg5uhwSgPCLD2WWxmq6isisz87tzT01tuGhg==",
            "dependencies": {
                "has-symbols": "^1.0.2"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.4"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/is-typed-array": {
            "version": "1.1.12",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/is-typed-array/-/is-typed-array-1.1.12.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-Z14TF2JNG8Lss5/HMqt0//T9JeHXttXy5pH/DBU4vi98ozO2btxzq9MwYDZYnKwU8nRsz/+GVFVRDq3DkVuSPg==",
            "dependencies": {
                "which-typed-array": "^1.1.11"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.4"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/is-weakref": {
            "version": "1.0.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/is-weakref/-/is-weakref-1.0.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-qctsuLZmIQ0+vSSMfoVvyFe2+GSEvnmZ2ezTup1SBse9+twCCeial6EEi3Nc2KFcf6+qz2FBPnjXsk8xhKSaPQ==",
            "dependencies": {
                "call-bind": "^1.0.2"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/isarray": {
            "version": "2.0.5",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/isarray/-/isarray-2.0.5.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-xHjhDr3cNBK0BzdUJSPXZntQUx/mwMS5Rw4A7lPJ90XGAO6ISP/ePDNuo0vhqOZU+UD5JoodwCAAoZQd3FeAKw=="
        },
        "node_modules/isexe": {
            "version": "2.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/isexe/-/isexe-2.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-RHxMLp9lnKHGHRng9QFhRCMbYAcVpn69smSGcq3f36xjgVVWThj4qqLbTLlq7Ssj8B+fIQ1EuCEGI2lKsyQeIw=="
        },
        "node_modules/iso-639-1": {
            "version": "2.1.15",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/iso-639-1/-/iso-639-1-2.1.15.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-7c7mBznZu2ktfvyT582E2msM+Udc1EjOyhVRE/0ZsjD9LBtWSm23h3PtiRh2a35XoUsTQQjJXaJzuLjXsOdFDg==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=6.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/jake": {
            "version": "10.8.7",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/jake/-/jake-10.8.7.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-ZDi3aP+fG/LchyBzUM804VjddnwfSfsdeYkwt8NcbKRvo4rFkjhs456iLFn3k2ZUWvNe4i48WACDbza8fhq2+w==",
            "dependencies": {
                "async": "^3.2.3",
                "chalk": "^4.0.2",
                "filelist": "^1.0.4",
                "minimatch": "^3.1.2"
            },
            "bin": {
                "jake": "bin/cli.js"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=10"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/js-stringify": {
            "version": "1.0.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/js-stringify/-/js-stringify-1.0.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-rtS5ATOo2Q5k1G+DADISilDA6lv79zIiwFd6CcjuIxGKLFm5C+RLImRscVap9k55i+MOZwgliw+NejvkLuGD5g=="
        },
        "node_modules/js-tokens": {
            "version": "4.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/js-tokens/-/js-tokens-4.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-RdJUflcE3cUzKiMqQgsCu06FPu9UdIJO0beYbPhHN4k6apgJtifcoCtT9bcxOpYBtpD2kCM6Sbzg4CausW/PKQ=="
        },
        "node_modules/js-yaml": {
            "version": "3.14.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/js-yaml/-/js-yaml-3.14.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-okMH7OXXJ7YrN9Ok3/SXrnu4iX9yOk+25nqX4imS2npuvTYDmo/QEZoqwZkYaIDk3jVvBOTOIEgEhaLOynBS9g==",
            "dependencies": {
                "argparse": "^1.0.7",
                "esprima": "^4.0.0"
            },
            "bin": {
                "js-yaml": "bin/js-yaml.js"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/json-parse-better-errors": {
            "version": "1.0.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/json-parse-better-errors/-/json-parse-better-errors-1.0.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-mrqyZKfX5EhL7hvqcV6WG1yYjnjeuYDzDhhcAAUrq8Po85NBQBJP+ZDUT75qZQ98IkUoBqdkExkukOU7Ts2wrw=="
        },
        "node_modules/json-parse-even-better-errors": {
            "version": "2.3.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/json-parse-even-better-errors/-/json-parse-even-better-errors-2.3.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-xyFwyhro/JEof6Ghe2iz2NcXoj2sloNsWr/XsERDK/oiPCfaNhl5ONfp+jQdAZRQQ0IJWNzH9zIZF7li91kh2w=="
        },
        "node_modules/jstransformer": {
            "version": "1.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/jstransformer/-/jstransformer-1.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-C9YK3Rf8q6VAPDCCU9fnqo3mAfOH6vUGnMcP4AQAYIEpWtfGLpwOTmZ+igtdK5y+VvI2n3CyYSzy4Qh34eq24A==",
            "dependencies": {
                "is-promise": "^2.0.0",
                "promise": "^7.0.1"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/junk": {
            "version": "1.0.3",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/junk/-/junk-1.0.3.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-3KF80UaaSSxo8jVnRYtMKNGFOoVPBdkkVPsw+Ad0y4oxKXPduS6G6iHkrf69yJVff/VAaYXkV42rtZ7daJxU3w==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=0.10.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/kind-of": {
            "version": "6.0.3",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/kind-of/-/kind-of-6.0.3.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-dcS1ul+9tmeD95T+x28/ehLgd9mENa3LsvDTtzm3vyBEO7RPptvAD+t44WVXaUjTBRcrpFeFlC8WCruUR456hw==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=0.10.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/kleur": {
            "version": "4.1.5",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/kleur/-/kleur-4.1.5.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-o+NO+8WrRiQEE4/7nwRJhN1HWpVmJm511pBHUxPLtp0BUISzlBplORYSmTclCnJvQq2tKu/sgl3xVpkc7ZWuQQ==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=6"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/kuler": {
            "version": "2.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/kuler/-/kuler-2.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-Xq9nH7KlWZmXAtodXDDRE7vs6DU1gTU8zYDHDiWLSip45Egwq3plLHzPn27NgvzL2r1LMPC1vdqh98sQxtqj4A=="
        },
        "node_modules/lines-and-columns": {
            "version": "1.2.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/lines-and-columns/-/lines-and-columns-1.2.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-7ylylesZQ/PV29jhEDl3Ufjo6ZX7gCqJr5F7PKrqc93v7fzSymt1BpwEU8nAUXs8qzzvqhbjhK5QZg6Mt/HkBg=="
        },
        "node_modules/linkify-it": {
            "version": "4.0.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/linkify-it/-/linkify-it-4.0.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-C7bfi1UZmoj8+PQx22XyeXCuBlokoyWQL5pWSP+EI6nzRylyThouddufc2c1NDIcP9k5agmN9fLpA7VNJfIiqw==",
            "dependencies": {
                "uc.micro": "^1.0.1"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/liquidjs": {
            "version": "10.9.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/liquidjs/-/liquidjs-10.9.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-E7SmGMwhv0Pa1Yau6odd2EgNPAmrx1OOjzvpm9AFxBGVtCX2Bx4fOCDtDCML13L7g6zjLPN7Kb/kakyAl2HTPQ==",
            "dependencies": {
                "commander": "^10.0.0"
            },
            "bin": {
                "liquid": "bin/liquid.js",
                "liquidjs": "bin/liquid.js"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=14"
            },
            "funding": {
                "type": "opencollective",
                "url": "https://opencollective.com/liquidjs"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/liquidjs/node_modules/commander": {
            "version": "10.0.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/commander/-/commander-10.0.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-y4Mg2tXshplEbSGzx7amzPwKKOCGuoSRP/CjEdwwk0FOGlUbq6lKuoyDZTNZkmxHdJtp54hdfY/JUrdL7Xfdug==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=14"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/list-to-array": {
            "version": "1.1.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/list-to-array/-/list-to-array-1.1.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-+dAZZ2mM+/m+vY9ezfoueVvrgnHIGi5FvgSymbIgJOFwiznWyA59mav95L+Mc6xPtL3s9gm5eNTlNtxJLbNM1g=="
        },
        "node_modules/load-json-file": {
            "version": "4.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/load-json-file/-/load-json-file-4.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-Kx8hMakjX03tiGTLAIdJ+lL0htKnXjEZN6hk/tozf/WOuYGdZBJrZ+rCJRbVCugsjB3jMLn9746NsQIf5VjBMw==",
            "dependencies": {
                "graceful-fs": "^4.1.2",
                "parse-json": "^4.0.0",
                "pify": "^3.0.0",
                "strip-bom": "^3.0.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=4"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/load-json-file/node_modules/pify": {
            "version": "3.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/pify/-/pify-3.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-C3FsVNH1udSEX48gGX1xfvwTWfsYWj5U+8/uK15BGzIGrKoUpghX8hWZwa/OFnakBiiVNmBvemTJR5mcy7iPcg==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=4"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/locate-path": {
            "version": "6.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/locate-path/-/locate-path-6.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-iPZK6eYjbxRu3uB4/WZ3EsEIMJFMqAoopl3R+zuq0UjcAm/MO6KCweDgPfP3elTztoKP3KtnVHxTn2NHBSDVUw==",
            "dependencies": {
                "p-locate": "^5.0.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=10"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/sindresorhus"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/lodash.deburr": {
            "version": "4.1.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/lodash.deburr/-/lodash.deburr-4.1.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-m/M1U1f3ddMCs6Hq2tAsYThTBDaAKFDX3dwDo97GEYzamXi9SqUpjWi/Rrj/gf3X2n8ktwgZrlP1z6E3v/IExQ=="
        },
        "node_modules/logform": {
            "version": "2.6.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/logform/-/logform-2.6.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-1ulHeNPp6k/LD8H91o7VYFBng5i1BDE7HoKxVbZiGFidS1Rj65qcywLxX+pVfAPoQJEjRdvKcusKwOupHCVOVQ==",
            "dependencies": {
                "@colors/colors": "1.6.0",
                "@types/triple-beam": "^1.3.2",
                "fecha": "^4.2.0",
                "ms": "^2.1.1",
                "safe-stable-stringify": "^2.3.1",
                "triple-beam": "^1.3.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 12.0.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/lower-case": {
            "version": "1.1.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/lower-case/-/lower-case-1.1.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-2Fgx1Ycm599x+WGpIYwJOvsjmXFzTSc34IwDWALRA/8AopUKAVPwfJ+h5+f85BCp0PWmmJcWzEpxOpoXycMpdA=="
        },
        "node_modules/lru-cache": {
            "version": "6.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/lru-cache/-/lru-cache-6.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-Jo6dJ04CmSjuznwJSS3pUeWmd/H0ffTlkXXgwZi+eq1UCmqQwCh+eLsYOYCwY991i2Fah4h1BEMCx4qThGbsiA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "yallist": "^4.0.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=10"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/luxon": {
            "version": "3.4.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/luxon/-/luxon-3.4.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-zobTr7akeGHnv7eBOXcRgMeCP6+uyYsczwmeRCauvpvaAltgNyTbLH/+VaEAPUeWBT+1GuNmz4wC/6jtQzbbVA==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=12"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/map-obj": {
            "version": "4.3.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/map-obj/-/map-obj-4.3.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-hdN1wVrZbb29eBGiGjJbeP8JbKjq1urkHJ/LIP/NY48MZ1QVXUsQBV1G1zvYFHn1XE06cwjBsOI2K3Ulnj1YXQ==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=8"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/sindresorhus"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/markdown-it": {
            "version": "13.0.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/markdown-it/-/markdown-it-13.0.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-FtwnEuuK+2yVU7goGn/MJ0WBZMM9ZPgU9spqlFs7/A/pDIUNSOQZhUgOqYCficIuR2QaFnrt8LHqBWsbTAoI5w==",
            "dependencies": {
                "argparse": "^2.0.1",
                "entities": "~3.0.1",
                "linkify-it": "^4.0.1",
                "mdurl": "^1.0.1",
                "uc.micro": "^1.0.5"
            },
            "bin": {
                "markdown-it": "bin/markdown-it.js"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/markdown-it/node_modules/argparse": {
            "version": "2.0.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/argparse/-/argparse-2.0.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-8+9WqebbFzpX9OR+Wa6O29asIogeRMzcGtAINdpMHHyAg10f05aSFVBbcEqGf/PXw1EjAZ+q2/bEBg3DvurK3Q=="
        },
        "node_modules/maximatch": {
            "version": "0.1.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/maximatch/-/maximatch-0.1.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-9ORVtDUFk4u/NFfo0vG/ND/z7UQCVZBL539YW0+U1I7H1BkZwizcPx5foFv7LCPcBnm2U6RjFnQOsIvN4/Vm2A==",
            "dependencies": {
                "array-differ": "^1.0.0",
                "array-union": "^1.0.1",
                "arrify": "^1.0.0",
                "minimatch": "^3.0.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=0.10.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/maximatch/node_modules/array-differ": {
            "version": "1.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/array-differ/-/array-differ-1.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-LeZY+DZDRnvP7eMuQ6LHfCzUGxAAIViUBliK24P3hWXL6y4SortgR6Nim6xrkfSLlmH0+k+9NYNwVC2s53ZrYQ==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=0.10.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/maximatch/node_modules/array-union": {
            "version": "1.0.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/array-union/-/array-union-1.0.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-Dxr6QJj/RdU/hCaBjOfxW+q6lyuVE6JFWIrAUpuOOhoJJoQ99cUn3igRaHVB5P9WrgFVN0FfArM3x0cueOU8ng==",
            "dependencies": {
                "array-uniq": "^1.0.1"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=0.10.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/mdurl": {
            "version": "1.0.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/mdurl/-/mdurl-1.0.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-/sKlQJCBYVY9Ers9hqzKou4H6V5UWc/M59TH2dvkt+84itfnq7uFOMLpOiOS4ujvHP4etln18fmIxA5R5fll0g=="
        },
        "node_modules/media-typer": {
            "version": "0.3.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/media-typer/-/media-typer-0.3.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-dq+qelQ9akHpcOl/gUVRTxVIOkAJ1wR3QAvb4RsVjS8oVoFjDGTc679wJYmUmknUF5HwMLOgb5O+a3KxfWapPQ==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.6"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/memorystream": {
            "version": "0.3.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/memorystream/-/memorystream-0.3.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-S3UwM3yj5mtUSEfP41UZmt/0SCoVYUcU1rkXv+BQ5Ig8ndL4sPoJNBUJERafdPb5jjHJGuMgytgKvKIf58XNBw==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.10.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/meow": {
            "version": "10.1.5",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/meow/-/meow-10.1.5.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-/d+PQ4GKmGvM9Bee/DPa8z3mXs/pkvJE2KEThngVNOqtmljC6K7NMPxtc2JeZYTmpWb9k/TmxjeL18ez3h7vCw==",
            "dependencies": {
                "@types/minimist": "^1.2.2",
                "camelcase-keys": "^7.0.0",
                "decamelize": "^5.0.0",
                "decamelize-keys": "^1.1.0",
                "hard-rejection": "^2.1.0",
                "minimist-options": "4.1.0",
                "normalize-package-data": "^3.0.2",
                "read-pkg-up": "^8.0.0",
                "redent": "^4.0.0",
                "trim-newlines": "^4.0.2",
                "type-fest": "^1.2.2",
                "yargs-parser": "^20.2.9"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": "^12.20.0 || ^14.13.1 || >=16.0.0"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/sindresorhus"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/merge-descriptors": {
            "version": "1.0.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/merge-descriptors/-/merge-descriptors-1.0.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-cCi6g3/Zr1iqQi6ySbseM1Xvooa98N0w31jzUYrXPX2xqObmFGHJ0tQ5u74H3mVh7wLouTseZyYIq39g8cNp1w=="
        },
        "node_modules/merge2": {
            "version": "1.4.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/merge2/-/merge2-1.4.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-8q7VEgMJW4J8tcfVPy8g09NcQwZdbwFEqhe/WZkoIzjn/3TGDwtOCYtXGxA3O8tPzpczCCDgv+P2P5y00ZJOOg==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 8"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/methods": {
            "version": "1.1.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/methods/-/methods-1.1.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-iclAHeNqNm68zFtnZ0e+1L2yUIdvzNoauKU4WBA3VvH/vPFieF7qfRlwUZU+DA9P9bPXIS90ulxoUoCH23sV2w==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.6"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/micromatch": {
            "version": "4.0.5",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/micromatch/-/micromatch-4.0.5.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-DMy+ERcEW2q8Z2Po+WNXuw3c5YaUSFjAO5GsJqfEl7UjvtIuFKO6ZrKvcItdy98dwFI2N1tg3zNIdKaQT+aNdA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "braces": "^3.0.2",
                "picomatch": "^2.3.1"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=8.6"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/mime": {
            "version": "3.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/mime/-/mime-3.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-jSCU7/VB1loIWBZe14aEYHU/+1UMEHoaO7qxCOVJOw9GgH72VAWppxNcjU+x9a2k3GSIBXNKxXQFqRvvZ7vr3A==",
            "bin": {
                "mime": "cli.js"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=10.0.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/mime-db": {
            "version": "1.52.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/mime-db/-/mime-db-1.52.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-sPU4uV7dYlvtWJxwwxHD0PuihVNiE7TyAbQ5SWxDCB9mUYvOgroQOwYQQOKPJ8CIbE+1ETVlOoK1UC2nU3gYvg==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.6"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/mime-types": {
            "version": "2.1.35",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/mime-types/-/mime-types-2.1.35.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-ZDY+bPm5zTTF+YpCrAU9nK0UgICYPT0QtT1NZWFv4s++TNkcgVaT0g6+4R2uI4MjQjzysHB1zxuWL50hzaeXiw==",
            "dependencies": {
                "mime-db": "1.52.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.6"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/min-indent": {
            "version": "1.0.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/min-indent/-/min-indent-1.0.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-I9jwMn07Sy/IwOj3zVkVik2JTvgpaykDZEigL6Rx6N9LbMywwUSMtxET+7lVoDLLd3O3IXwJwvuuns8UB/HeAg==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=4"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/minimatch": {
            "version": "3.1.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/minimatch/-/minimatch-3.1.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-J7p63hRiAjw1NDEww1W7i37+ByIrOWO5XQQAzZ3VOcL0PNybwpfmV/N05zFAzwQ9USyEcX6t3UO+K5aqBQOIHw==",
            "dependencies": {
                "brace-expansion": "^1.1.7"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": "*"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/minimist": {
            "version": "1.2.8",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/minimist/-/minimist-1.2.8.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-2yyAR8qBkN3YuheJanUpWC5U3bb5osDywNB8RzDVlDwDHbocAJveqqj1u8+SVD7jkWT4yvsHCpWqqWqAxb0zCA==",
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/minimist-options": {
            "version": "4.1.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/minimist-options/-/minimist-options-4.1.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-Q4r8ghd80yhO/0j1O3B2BjweX3fiHg9cdOwjJd2J76Q135c+NDxGCqdYKQ1SKBuFfgWbAUzBfvYjPUEeNgqN1A==",
            "dependencies": {
                "arrify": "^1.0.1",
                "is-plain-obj": "^1.1.0",
                "kind-of": "^6.0.3"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 6"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/minipass": {
            "version": "3.3.6",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/minipass/-/minipass-3.3.6.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-DxiNidxSEK+tHG6zOIklvNOwm3hvCrbUrdtzY74U6HKTJxvIDfOUL5W5P2Ghd3DTkhhKPYGqeNUIh5qcM4YBfw==",
            "dependencies": {
                "yallist": "^4.0.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=8"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/mkdirp": {
            "version": "0.5.6",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/mkdirp/-/mkdirp-0.5.6.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-FP+p8RB8OWpF3YZBCrP5gtADmtXApB5AMLn+vdyA+PyxCjrCs00mjyUozssO33cwDeT3wNGdLxJ5M//YqtHAJw==",
            "dependencies": {
                "minimist": "^1.2.6"
            },
            "bin": {
                "mkdirp": "bin/cmd.js"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/moo": {
            "version": "0.5.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/moo/-/moo-0.5.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-iSAJLHYKnX41mKcJKjqvnAN9sf0LMDTXDEvFv+ffuRR9a1MIuXLjMNL6EsnDHSkKLTWNqQQ5uo61P4EbU4NU+Q=="
        },
        "node_modules/morgan": {
            "version": "1.10.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/morgan/-/morgan-1.10.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-AbegBVI4sh6El+1gNwvD5YIck7nSA36weD7xvIxG4in80j/UoK8AEGaWnnz8v1GxonMCltmlNs5ZKbGvl9b1XQ==",
            "dependencies": {
                "basic-auth": "~2.0.1",
                "debug": "2.6.9",
                "depd": "~2.0.0",
                "on-finished": "~2.3.0",
                "on-headers": "~1.0.2"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.8.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/morgan/node_modules/debug": {
            "version": "2.6.9",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/debug/-/debug-2.6.9.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-bC7ElrdJaJnPbAP+1EotYvqZsb3ecl5wi6Bfi6BJTUcNowp6cvspg0jXznRTKDjm/E7AdgFBVeAPVMNcKGsHMA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "ms": "2.0.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/morgan/node_modules/ms": {
            "version": "2.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/ms/-/ms-2.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-Tpp60P6IUJDTuOq/5Z8cdskzJujfwqfOTkrwIwj7IRISpnkJnT6SyJ4PCPnGMoFjC9ddhal5KVIYtAt97ix05A=="
        },
        "node_modules/morgan/node_modules/on-finished": {
            "version": "2.3.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/on-finished/-/on-finished-2.3.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-ikqdkGAAyf/X/gPhXGvfgAytDZtDbr+bkNUJ0N9h5MI/dmdgCs3l6hoHrcUv41sRKew3jIwrp4qQDXiK99Utww==",
            "dependencies": {
                "ee-first": "1.1.1"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.8"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/morphdom": {
            "version": "2.7.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/morphdom/-/morphdom-2.7.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-LwrrjplMolniWtOGluKF1EHZ0y78Fa4sq7f/MXCydyNkDof+POf+ruCn+k08l7H7b/JISfRo8Zd0HazuqySY9w=="
        },
        "node_modules/ms": {
            "version": "2.1.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/ms/-/ms-2.1.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-sGkPx+VjMtmA6MX27oA4FBFELFCZZ4S4XqeGOXCv68tT+jb3vk/RyaKWP0PTKyWtmLSM0b+adUTEvbs1PEaH2w=="
        },
        "node_modules/multimatch": {
            "version": "5.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/multimatch/-/multimatch-5.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-ypMKuglUrZUD99Tk2bUQ+xNQj43lPEfAeX2o9cTteAmShXy2VHDJpuwu1o0xqoKCt9jLVAvwyFKdLTPXKAfJyA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "@types/minimatch": "^3.0.3",
                "array-differ": "^3.0.0",
                "array-union": "^2.1.0",
                "arrify": "^2.0.1",
                "minimatch": "^3.0.4"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=10"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/sindresorhus"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/multimatch/node_modules/arrify": {
            "version": "2.0.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/arrify/-/arrify-2.0.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-3duEwti880xqi4eAMN8AyR4a0ByT90zoYdLlevfrvU43vb0YZwZVfxOgxWrLXXXpyugL0hNZc9G6BiB5B3nUug==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=8"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/mustache": {
            "version": "4.2.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/mustache/-/mustache-4.2.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-71ippSywq5Yb7/tVYyGbkBggbU8H3u5Rz56fH60jGFgr8uHwxs+aSKeqmluIVzM0m0kB7xQjKS6qPfd0b2ZoqQ==",
            "bin": {
                "mustache": "bin/mustache"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/negotiator": {
            "version": "0.6.3",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/negotiator/-/negotiator-0.6.3.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-+EUsqGPLsM+j/zdChZjsnX51g4XrHFOIXwfnCVPGlQk/k5giakcKsuxCObBRu6DSm9opw/O6slWbJdghQM4bBg==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.6"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/neo-async": {
            "version": "2.6.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/neo-async/-/neo-async-2.6.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-Yd3UES5mWCSqR+qNT93S3UoYUkqAZ9lLg8a7g9rimsWmYGK8cVToA4/sF3RrshdyV3sAGMXVUmpMYOw+dLpOuw=="
        },
        "node_modules/nice-try": {
            "version": "1.0.5",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/nice-try/-/nice-try-1.0.5.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-1nh45deeb5olNY7eX82BkPO7SSxR5SSYJiPTrTdFUVYwAl8CKMA5N9PjTYkHiRjisVcxcQ1HXdLhx2qxxJzLNQ=="
        },
        "node_modules/no-case": {
            "version": "2.3.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/no-case/-/no-case-2.3.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-rmTZ9kz+f3rCvK2TD1Ue/oZlns7OGoIWP4fc3llxxRXlOkHKoWPPWJOfFYpITabSow43QJbRIoHQXtt10VldyQ==",
            "dependencies": {
                "lower-case": "^1.1.1"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/normalize-package-data": {
            "version": "3.0.3",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/normalize-package-data/-/normalize-package-data-3.0.3.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-p2W1sgqij3zMMyRC067Dg16bfzVH+w7hyegmpIvZ4JNjqtGOVAIvLmjBx3yP7YTe9vKJgkoNOPjwQGogDoMXFA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "hosted-git-info": "^4.0.1",
                "is-core-module": "^2.5.0",
                "semver": "^7.3.4",
                "validate-npm-package-license": "^3.0.1"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=10"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/normalize-path": {
            "version": "3.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/normalize-path/-/normalize-path-3.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-6eZs5Ls3WtCisHWp9S2GUy8dqkpGi4BVSz3GaqiE6ezub0512ESztXUwUB6C6IKbQkY2Pnb/mD4WYojCRwcwLA==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=0.10.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/npm-run-all": {
            "version": "4.1.5",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/npm-run-all/-/npm-run-all-4.1.5.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-Oo82gJDAVcaMdi3nuoKFavkIHBRVqQ1qvMb+9LHk/cF4P6B2m8aP04hGf7oL6wZ9BuGwX1onlLhpuoofSyoQDQ==",
            "dependencies": {
                "ansi-styles": "^3.2.1",
                "chalk": "^2.4.1",
                "cross-spawn": "^6.0.5",
                "memorystream": "^0.3.1",
                "minimatch": "^3.0.4",
                "pidtree": "^0.3.0",
                "read-pkg": "^3.0.0",
                "shell-quote": "^1.6.1",
                "string.prototype.padend": "^3.0.0"
            },
            "bin": {
                "npm-run-all": "bin/npm-run-all/index.js",
                "run-p": "bin/run-p/index.js",
                "run-s": "bin/run-s/index.js"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 4"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/npm-run-all/node_modules/ansi-styles": {
            "version": "3.2.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/ansi-styles/-/ansi-styles-3.2.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-VT0ZI6kZRdTh8YyJw3SMbYm/u+NqfsAxEpWO0Pf9sq8/e94WxxOpPKx9FR1FlyCtOVDNOQ+8ntlqFxiRc+r5qA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "color-convert": "^1.9.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=4"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/npm-run-all/node_modules/chalk": {
            "version": "2.4.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/chalk/-/chalk-2.4.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-Mti+f9lpJNcwF4tWV8/OrTTtF1gZi+f8FqlyAdouralcFWFQWF2+NgCHShjkCb+IFBLq9buZwE1xckQU4peSuQ==",
            "dependencies": {
                "ansi-styles": "^3.2.1",
                "escape-string-regexp": "^1.0.5",
                "supports-color": "^5.3.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=4"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/npm-run-all/node_modules/color-convert": {
            "version": "1.9.3",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/color-convert/-/color-convert-1.9.3.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-QfAUtd+vFdAtFQcC8CCyYt1fYWxSqAiK2cSD6zDB8N3cpsEBAvRxp9zOGg6G/SHHJYAT88/az/IuDGALsNVbGg==",
            "dependencies": {
                "color-name": "1.1.3"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/npm-run-all/node_modules/color-name": {
            "version": "1.1.3",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/color-name/-/color-name-1.1.3.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-72fSenhMw2HZMTVHeCA9KCmpEIbzWiQsjN+BHcBbS9vr1mtt+vJjPdksIBNUmKAW8TFUDPJK5SUU3QhE9NEXDw=="
        },
        "node_modules/npm-run-all/node_modules/cross-spawn": {
            "version": "6.0.5",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/cross-spawn/-/cross-spawn-6.0.5.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-eTVLrBSt7fjbDygz805pMnstIs2VTBNkRm0qxZd+M7A5XDdxVRWO5MxGBXZhjY4cqLYLdtrGqRf8mBPmzwSpWQ==",
            "dependencies": {
                "nice-try": "^1.0.4",
                "path-key": "^2.0.1",
                "semver": "^5.5.0",
                "shebang-command": "^1.2.0",
                "which": "^1.2.9"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=4.8"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/npm-run-all/node_modules/escape-string-regexp": {
            "version": "1.0.5",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/escape-string-regexp/-/escape-string-regexp-1.0.5.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-vbRorB5FUQWvla16U8R/qgaFIya2qGzwDrNmCZuYKrbdSUMG6I1ZCGQRefkRVhuOkIGVne7BQ35DSfo1qvJqFg==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=0.8.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/npm-run-all/node_modules/has-flag": {
            "version": "3.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/has-flag/-/has-flag-3.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-sKJf1+ceQBr4SMkvQnBDNDtf4TXpVhVGateu0t918bl30FnbE2m4vNLX+VWe/dpjlb+HugGYzW7uQXH98HPEYw==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=4"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/npm-run-all/node_modules/path-key": {
            "version": "2.0.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/path-key/-/path-key-2.0.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-fEHGKCSmUSDPv4uoj8AlD+joPlq3peND+HRYyxFz4KPw4z926S/b8rIuFs2FYJg3BwsxJf6A9/3eIdLaYC+9Dw==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=4"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/npm-run-all/node_modules/semver": {
            "version": "5.7.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/semver/-/semver-5.7.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-cBznnQ9KjJqU67B52RMC65CMarK2600WFnbkcaiwWq3xy/5haFJlshgnpjovMVJ+Hff49d8GEn0b87C5pDQ10g==",
            "bin": {
                "semver": "bin/semver"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/npm-run-all/node_modules/shebang-command": {
            "version": "1.2.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/shebang-command/-/shebang-command-1.2.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-EV3L1+UQWGor21OmnvojK36mhg+TyIKDh3iFBKBohr5xeXIhNBcx8oWdgkTEEQ+BEFFYdLRuqMfd5L84N1V5Vg==",
            "dependencies": {
                "shebang-regex": "^1.0.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=0.10.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/npm-run-all/node_modules/shebang-regex": {
            "version": "1.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/shebang-regex/-/shebang-regex-1.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-wpoSFAxys6b2a2wHZ1XpDSgD7N9iVjg29Ph9uV/uaP9Ex/KXlkTZTeddxDPSYQpgvzKLGJke2UU0AzoGCjNIvQ==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=0.10.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/npm-run-all/node_modules/supports-color": {
            "version": "5.5.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/supports-color/-/supports-color-5.5.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-QjVjwdXIt408MIiAqCX4oUKsgU2EqAGzs2Ppkm4aQYbjm+ZEWEcW4SfFNTr4uMNZma0ey4f5lgLrkB0aX0QMow==",
            "dependencies": {
                "has-flag": "^3.0.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=4"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/npm-run-all/node_modules/which": {
            "version": "1.3.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/which/-/which-1.3.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-HxJdYWq1MTIQbJ3nw0cqssHoTNU267KlrDuGZ1WYlxDStUtKUhOaJmh112/TZmHxxUfuJqPXSOm7tDyas0OSIQ==",
            "dependencies": {
                "isexe": "^2.0.0"
            },
            "bin": {
                "which": "bin/which"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/nunjucks": {
            "version": "3.2.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/nunjucks/-/nunjucks-3.2.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-26XRV6BhkgK0VOxfbU5cQI+ICFUtMLixv1noZn1tGU38kQH5A5nmmbk/O45xdyBhD1esk47nKrY0mvQpZIhRjQ==",
            "dependencies": {
                "a-sync-waterfall": "^1.0.0",
                "asap": "^2.0.3",
                "commander": "^5.1.0"
            },
            "bin": {
                "nunjucks-precompile": "bin/precompile"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 6.9.0"
            },
            "peerDependencies": {
                "chokidar": "^3.3.0"
            },
            "peerDependenciesMeta": {
                "chokidar": {
                    "optional": true
                }
            }
        },
        "node_modules/nunjucks/node_modules/commander": {
            "version": "5.1.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/commander/-/commander-5.1.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-P0CysNDQ7rtVw4QIQtm+MRxV66vKFSvlsQvGYXZWR3qFU0jlMKHZZZgw8e+8DSah4UDKMqnknRDQz+xuQXQ/Zg==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 6"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/object-assign": {
            "version": "4.1.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/object-assign/-/object-assign-4.1.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-rJgTQnkUnH1sFw8yT6VSU3zD3sWmu6sZhIseY8VX+GRu3P6F7Fu+JNDoXfklElbLJSnc3FUQHVe4cU5hj+BcUg==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=0.10.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/object-inspect": {
            "version": "1.13.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/object-inspect/-/object-inspect-1.13.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-5qoj1RUiKOMsCCNLV1CBiPYE10sziTsnmNxkAI/rZhiD63CF7IqdFGC/XzjWjpSgLf0LxXX3bDFIh0E18f6UhQ==",
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/object-keys": {
            "version": "1.1.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/object-keys/-/object-keys-1.1.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-NuAESUOUMrlIXOfHKzD6bpPu3tYt3xvjNdRIQ+FeT0lNb4K8WR70CaDxhuNguS2XG+GjkyMwOzsN5ZktImfhLA==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.4"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/object.assign": {
            "version": "4.1.5",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/object.assign/-/object.assign-4.1.5.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-byy+U7gp+FVwmyzKPYhW2h5l3crpmGsxl7X2s8y43IgxvG4g3QZ6CffDtsNQy1WsmZpQbO+ybo0AlW7TY6DcBQ==",
            "dependencies": {
                "call-bind": "^1.0.5",
                "define-properties": "^1.2.1",
                "has-symbols": "^1.0.3",
                "object-keys": "^1.1.1"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.4"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/on-finished": {
            "version": "2.4.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/on-finished/-/on-finished-2.4.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-oVlzkg3ENAhCk2zdv7IJwd/QUD4z2RxRwpkcGY8psCVcCYZNq4wYnVWALHM+brtuJjePWiYF/ClmuDr8Ch5+kg==",
            "dependencies": {
                "ee-first": "1.1.1"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.8"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/on-headers": {
            "version": "1.0.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/on-headers/-/on-headers-1.0.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-pZAE+FJLoyITytdqK0U5s+FIpjN0JP3OzFi/u8Rx+EV5/W+JTWGXG8xFzevE7AjBfDqHv/8vL8qQsIhHnqRkrA==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.8"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/once": {
            "version": "1.4.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/once/-/once-1.4.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-lNaJgI+2Q5URQBkccEKHTQOPaXdUxnZZElQTZY0MFUAuaEqe1E+Nyvgdz/aIyNi6Z9MzO5dv1H8n58/GELp3+w==",
            "dependencies": {
                "wrappy": "1"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/one-time": {
            "version": "1.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/one-time/-/one-time-1.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-5DXOiRKwuSEcQ/l0kGCF6Q3jcADFv5tSmRaJck/OqkVFcOzutB134KRSfF0xDrL39MNnqxbHBbUUcjZIhTgb2g==",
            "dependencies": {
                "fn.name": "1.x.x"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/p-limit": {
            "version": "3.1.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/p-limit/-/p-limit-3.1.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-TYOanM3wGwNGsZN2cVTYPArw454xnXj5qmWF1bEoAc4+cU/ol7GVh7odevjp1FNHduHc3KZMcFduxU5Xc6uJRQ==",
            "dependencies": {
                "yocto-queue": "^0.1.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=10"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/sindresorhus"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/p-locate": {
            "version": "5.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/p-locate/-/p-locate-5.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-LaNjtRWUBY++zB5nE/NwcaoMylSPk+S+ZHNB1TzdbMJMny6dynpAGt7X/tl/QYq3TIeE6nxHppbo2LGymrG5Pw==",
            "dependencies": {
                "p-limit": "^3.0.2"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=10"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/sindresorhus"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/p-map": {
            "version": "5.5.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/p-map/-/p-map-5.5.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-VFqfGDHlx87K66yZrNdI4YGtD70IRyd+zSvgks6mzHPRNkoKy+9EKP4SFC77/vTTQYmRmti7dvqC+m5jBrBAcg==",
            "dependencies": {
                "aggregate-error": "^4.0.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=12"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/sindresorhus"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/param-case": {
            "version": "2.1.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/param-case/-/param-case-2.1.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-eQE845L6ot89sk2N8liD8HAuH4ca6Vvr7VWAWwt7+kvvG5aBcPmmphQ68JsEG2qa9n1TykS2DLeMt363AAH8/w==",
            "dependencies": {
                "no-case": "^2.2.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/parse-json": {
            "version": "4.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/parse-json/-/parse-json-4.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-aOIos8bujGN93/8Ox/jPLh7RwVnPEysynVFE+fQZyg6jKELEHwzgKdLRFHUgXJL6kylijVSBC4BvN9OmsB48Rw==",
            "dependencies": {
                "error-ex": "^1.3.1",
                "json-parse-better-errors": "^1.0.1"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=4"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/parse-srcset": {
            "version": "1.0.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/parse-srcset/-/parse-srcset-1.0.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-/2qh0lav6CmI15FzA3i/2Bzk2zCgQhGMkvhOhKNcBVQ1ldgpbfiNTVslmooUmWJcADi1f1kIeynbDRVzNlfR6Q=="
        },
        "node_modules/parseurl": {
            "version": "1.3.3",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/parseurl/-/parseurl-1.3.3.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-CiyeOxFT/JZyN5m0z9PfXw4SCBJ6Sygz1Dpl0wqjlhDEGGBP1GnsUVEL0p63hoG1fcj3fHynXi9NYO4nWOL+qQ==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.8"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/path-exists": {
            "version": "4.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/path-exists/-/path-exists-4.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-ak9Qy5Q7jYb2Wwcey5Fpvg2KoAc/ZIhLSLOSBmRmygPsGwkVVt0fZa0qrtMz+m6tJTAHfZQ8FnmB4MG4LWy7/w==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=8"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/path-is-absolute": {
            "version": "1.0.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/path-is-absolute/-/path-is-absolute-1.0.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-AVbw3UJ2e9bq64vSaS9Am0fje1Pa8pbGqTTsmXfaIiMpnr5DlDhfJOuLj9Sf95ZPVDAUerDfEk88MPmPe7UCQg==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=0.10.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/path-key": {
            "version": "3.1.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/path-key/-/path-key-3.1.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-ojmeN0qd+y0jszEtoY48r0Peq5dwMEkIlCOu6Q5f41lfkswXuKtYrhgoTpLnyIcHm24Uhqx+5Tqm2InSwLhE6Q==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=8"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/path-parse": {
            "version": "1.0.7",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/path-parse/-/path-parse-1.0.7.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-LDJzPVEEEPR+y48z93A0Ed0yXb8pAByGWo/k5YYdYgpY2/2EsOsksJrq7lOHxryrVOn1ejG6oAp8ahvOIQD8sw=="
        },
        "node_modules/path-to-regexp": {
            "version": "6.2.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/path-to-regexp/-/path-to-regexp-6.2.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-JLyh7xT1kizaEvcaXOQwOc2/Yhw6KZOvPf1S8401UyLk86CU79LN3vl7ztXGm/pZ+YjoyAJ4rxmHwbkBXJX+yw=="
        },
        "node_modules/path-type": {
            "version": "4.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/path-type/-/path-type-4.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-gDKb8aZMDeD/tZWs9P6+q0J9Mwkdl6xMV8TjnGP3qJVJ06bdMgkbBlLU8IdfOsIsFz2BW1rNVT3XuNEl8zPAvw==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=8"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/picomatch": {
            "version": "2.3.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/picomatch/-/picomatch-2.3.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-JU3teHTNjmE2VCGFzuY8EXzCDVwEqB2a8fsIvwaStHhAWJEeVd1o1QD80CU6+ZdEXXSLbSsuLwJjkCBWqRQUVA==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=8.6"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/jonschlinkert"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/pidtree": {
            "version": "0.3.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/pidtree/-/pidtree-0.3.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-qQbW94hLHEqCg7nhby4yRC7G2+jYHY4Rguc2bjw7Uug4GIJuu1tvf2uHaZv5Q8zdt+WKJ6qK1FOI6amaWUo5FA==",
            "bin": {
                "pidtree": "bin/pidtree.js"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=0.10"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/please-upgrade-node": {
            "version": "3.2.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/please-upgrade-node/-/please-upgrade-node-3.2.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-gQR3WpIgNIKwBMVLkpMUeR3e1/E1y42bqDQZfql+kDeXd8COYfM8PQA4X6y7a8u9Ua9FHmsrrmirW2vHs45hWg==",
            "dependencies": {
                "semver-compare": "^1.0.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/posthtml": {
            "version": "0.16.6",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/posthtml/-/posthtml-0.16.6.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-JcEmHlyLK/o0uGAlj65vgg+7LIms0xKXe60lcDOTU7oVX/3LuEuLwrQpW3VJ7de5TaFKiW4kWkaIpJL42FEgxQ==",
            "dependencies": {
                "posthtml-parser": "^0.11.0",
                "posthtml-render": "^3.0.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=12.0.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/posthtml-parser": {
            "version": "0.11.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/posthtml-parser/-/posthtml-parser-0.11.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-QecJtfLekJbWVo/dMAA+OSwY79wpRmbqS5TeXvXSX+f0c6pW4/SE6inzZ2qkU7oAMCPqIDkZDvd/bQsSFUnKyw==",
            "dependencies": {
                "htmlparser2": "^7.1.1"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=12"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/posthtml-render": {
            "version": "3.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/posthtml-render/-/posthtml-render-3.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-z+16RoxK3fUPgwaIgH9NGnK1HKY9XIDpydky5eQGgAFVXTCSezalv9U2jQuNV+Z9qV1fDWNzldcw4eK0SSbqKA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "is-json": "^2.0.1"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=12"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/posthtml-urls": {
            "version": "1.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/posthtml-urls/-/posthtml-urls-1.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-CMJ0L009sGQVUuYM/g6WJdscsq6ooAwhUuF6CDlYPMLxKp2rmCYVebEU+wZGxnQstGJhZPMvXsRhtqekILd5/w==",
            "dependencies": {
                "http-equiv-refresh": "^1.0.0",
                "list-to-array": "^1.1.0",
                "parse-srcset": "^1.0.2",
                "promise-each": "^2.2.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 4"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/pretty-data": {
            "version": "0.40.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/pretty-data/-/pretty-data-0.40.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-YFLnEdDEDnkt/GEhet5CYZHCvALw6+Elyb/tp8kQG03ZSIuzeaDWpZYndCXwgqu4NAjh1PI534dhDS1mHarRnQ==",
            "engines": {
                "node": "*"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/promise": {
            "version": "7.3.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/promise/-/promise-7.3.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-nolQXZ/4L+bP/UGlkfaIujX9BKxGwmQ9OT4mOt5yvy8iK1h3wqTEJCijzGANTCCl9nWjY41juyAn2K3Q1hLLTg==",
            "dependencies": {
                "asap": "~2.0.3"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/promise-each": {
            "version": "2.2.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/promise-each/-/promise-each-2.2.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-67roqt1k3QDA41DZ8xi0V+rF3GoaMiX7QilbXu0vXimut+9RcKBNZ/t60xCRgcsihmNUsEjh48xLfNqOrKblUg==",
            "dependencies": {
                "any-promise": "^0.1.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/proxy-addr": {
            "version": "2.0.7",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/proxy-addr/-/proxy-addr-2.0.7.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-llQsMLSUDUPT44jdrU/O37qlnifitDP+ZwrmmZcoSKyLKvtZxpyV0n2/bD/N4tBAAZ/gJEdZU7KMraoK1+XYAg==",
            "dependencies": {
                "forwarded": "0.2.0",
                "ipaddr.js": "1.9.1"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.10"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/prr": {
            "version": "1.0.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/prr/-/prr-1.0.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-yPw4Sng1gWghHQWj0B3ZggWUm4qVbPwPFcRG8KyxiU7J2OHFSoEHKS+EZ3fv5l1t9CyCiop6l/ZYeWbrgoQejw=="
        },
        "node_modules/pug": {
            "version": "3.0.3",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/pug/-/pug-3.0.3.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-uBi6kmc9f3SZ3PXxqcHiUZLmIXgfgWooKWXcwSGwQd2Zi5Rb0bT14+8CJjJgI8AB+nndLaNgHGrcc6bPIB665g==",
            "dependencies": {
                "pug-code-gen": "^3.0.3",
                "pug-filters": "^4.0.0",
                "pug-lexer": "^5.0.1",
                "pug-linker": "^4.0.0",
                "pug-load": "^3.0.0",
                "pug-parser": "^6.0.0",
                "pug-runtime": "^3.0.1",
                "pug-strip-comments": "^2.0.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/pug-attrs": {
            "version": "3.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/pug-attrs/-/pug-attrs-3.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-azINV9dUtzPMFQktvTXciNAfAuVh/L/JCl0vtPCwvOA21uZrC08K/UnmrL+SXGEVc1FwzjW62+xw5S/uaLj6cA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "constantinople": "^4.0.1",
                "js-stringify": "^1.0.2",
                "pug-runtime": "^3.0.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/pug-code-gen": {
            "version": "3.0.3",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/pug-code-gen/-/pug-code-gen-3.0.3.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-cYQg0JW0w32Ux+XTeZnBEeuWrAY7/HNE6TWnhiHGnnRYlCgyAUPoyh9KzCMa9WhcJlJ1AtQqpEYHc+vbCzA+Aw==",
            "dependencies": {
                "constantinople": "^4.0.1",
                "doctypes": "^1.1.0",
                "js-stringify": "^1.0.2",
                "pug-attrs": "^3.0.0",
                "pug-error": "^2.1.0",
                "pug-runtime": "^3.0.1",
                "void-elements": "^3.1.0",
                "with": "^7.0.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/pug-error": {
            "version": "2.1.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/pug-error/-/pug-error-2.1.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-lv7sU9e5Jk8IeUheHata6/UThZ7RK2jnaaNztxfPYUY+VxZyk/ePVaNZ/vwmH8WqGvDz3LrNYt/+gA55NDg6Pg=="
        },
        "node_modules/pug-filters": {
            "version": "4.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/pug-filters/-/pug-filters-4.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-yeNFtq5Yxmfz0f9z2rMXGw/8/4i1cCFecw/Q7+D0V2DdtII5UvqE12VaZ2AY7ri6o5RNXiweGH79OCq+2RQU4A==",
            "dependencies": {
                "constantinople": "^4.0.1",
                "jstransformer": "1.0.0",
                "pug-error": "^2.0.0",
                "pug-walk": "^2.0.0",
                "resolve": "^1.15.1"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/pug-lexer": {
            "version": "5.0.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/pug-lexer/-/pug-lexer-5.0.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-0I6C62+keXlZPZkOJeVam9aBLVP2EnbeDw3An+k0/QlqdwH6rv8284nko14Na7c0TtqtogfWXcRoFE4O4Ff20w==",
            "dependencies": {
                "character-parser": "^2.2.0",
                "is-expression": "^4.0.0",
                "pug-error": "^2.0.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/pug-linker": {
            "version": "4.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/pug-linker/-/pug-linker-4.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-gjD1yzp0yxbQqnzBAdlhbgoJL5qIFJw78juN1NpTLt/mfPJ5VgC4BvkoD3G23qKzJtIIXBbcCt6FioLSFLOHdw==",
            "dependencies": {
                "pug-error": "^2.0.0",
                "pug-walk": "^2.0.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/pug-load": {
            "version": "3.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/pug-load/-/pug-load-3.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-OCjTEnhLWZBvS4zni/WUMjH2YSUosnsmjGBB1An7CsKQarYSWQ0GCVyd4eQPMFJqZ8w9xgs01QdiZXKVjk92EQ==",
            "dependencies": {
                "object-assign": "^4.1.1",
                "pug-walk": "^2.0.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/pug-parser": {
            "version": "6.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/pug-parser/-/pug-parser-6.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-ukiYM/9cH6Cml+AOl5kETtM9NR3WulyVP2y4HOU45DyMim1IeP/OOiyEWRr6qk5I5klpsBnbuHpwKmTx6WURnw==",
            "dependencies": {
                "pug-error": "^2.0.0",
                "token-stream": "1.0.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/pug-runtime": {
            "version": "3.0.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/pug-runtime/-/pug-runtime-3.0.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-L50zbvrQ35TkpHwv0G6aLSuueDRwc/97XdY8kL3tOT0FmhgG7UypU3VztfV/LATAvmUfYi4wNxSajhSAeNN+Kg=="
        },
        "node_modules/pug-strip-comments": {
            "version": "2.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/pug-strip-comments/-/pug-strip-comments-2.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-zo8DsDpH7eTkPHCXFeAk1xZXJbyoTfdPlNR0bK7rpOMuhBYb0f5qUVCO1xlsitYd3w5FQTK7zpNVKb3rZoUrrQ==",
            "dependencies": {
                "pug-error": "^2.0.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/pug-walk": {
            "version": "2.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/pug-walk/-/pug-walk-2.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-yYELe9Q5q9IQhuvqsZNwA5hfPkMJ8u92bQLIMcsMxf/VADjNtEYptU+inlufAFYcWdHlwNfZOEnOOQrZrcyJCQ=="
        },
        "node_modules/qs": {
            "version": "6.11.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/qs/-/qs-6.11.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-MvjoMCJwEarSbUYk5O+nmoSzSutSsTwF85zcHPQ9OrlFoZOYIjaqBAJIqIXjptyD5vThxGq52Xu/MaJzRkIk4Q==",
            "dependencies": {
                "side-channel": "^1.0.4"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=0.6"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/queue-microtask": {
            "version": "1.2.3",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/queue-microtask/-/queue-microtask-1.2.3.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-NuaNSa6flKT5JaSYQzJok04JzTL1CA6aGhv5rfLW3PgqA+M2ChpZQnAC8h8i4ZFkBS8X5RqkDBHA7r4hej3K9A==",
            "funding": [
                {
                    "type": "github",
                    "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/feross"
                },
                {
                    "type": "patreon",
                    "url": "https://www.patreon.com/feross"
                },
                {
                    "type": "consulting",
                    "url": "https://feross.org/support"
                }
            ]
        },
        "node_modules/quick-lru": {
            "version": "5.1.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/quick-lru/-/quick-lru-5.1.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-WuyALRjWPDGtt/wzJiadO5AXY+8hZ80hVpe6MyivgraREW751X3SbhRvG3eLKOYN+8VEvqLcf3wdnt44Z4S4SA==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=10"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/sindresorhus"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/range-parser": {
            "version": "1.2.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/range-parser/-/range-parser-1.2.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-Hrgsx+orqoygnmhFbKaHE6c296J+HTAQXoxEF6gNupROmmGJRoyzfG3ccAveqCBrwr/2yxQ5BVd/GTl5agOwSg==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.6"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/raw-body": {
            "version": "2.5.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/raw-body/-/raw-body-2.5.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-8zGqypfENjCIqGhgXToC8aB2r7YrBX+AQAfIPs/Mlk+BtPTztOvTS01NRW/3Eh60J+a48lt8qsCzirQ6loCVfA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "bytes": "3.1.2",
                "http-errors": "2.0.0",
                "iconv-lite": "0.4.24",
                "unpipe": "1.0.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.8"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/read-pkg": {
            "version": "3.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/read-pkg/-/read-pkg-3.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-BLq/cCO9two+lBgiTYNqD6GdtK8s4NpaWrl6/rCO9w0TUS8oJl7cmToOZfRYllKTISY6nt1U7jQ53brmKqY6BA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "load-json-file": "^4.0.0",
                "normalize-package-data": "^2.3.2",
                "path-type": "^3.0.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=4"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/read-pkg-up": {
            "version": "8.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/read-pkg-up/-/read-pkg-up-8.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-snVCqPczksT0HS2EC+SxUndvSzn6LRCwpfSvLrIfR5BKDQQZMaI6jPRC9dYvYFDRAuFEAnkwww8kBBNE/3VvzQ==",
            "dependencies": {
                "find-up": "^5.0.0",
                "read-pkg": "^6.0.0",
                "type-fest": "^1.0.1"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=12"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/sindresorhus"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/read-pkg-up/node_modules/parse-json": {
            "version": "5.2.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/parse-json/-/parse-json-5.2.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-ayCKvm/phCGxOkYRSCM82iDwct8/EonSEgCSxWxD7ve6jHggsFl4fZVQBPRNgQoKiuV/odhFrGzQXZwbifC8Rg==",
            "dependencies": {
                "@babel/code-frame": "^7.0.0",
                "error-ex": "^1.3.1",
                "json-parse-even-better-errors": "^2.3.0",
                "lines-and-columns": "^1.1.6"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=8"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/sindresorhus"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/read-pkg-up/node_modules/read-pkg": {
            "version": "6.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/read-pkg/-/read-pkg-6.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-X1Fu3dPuk/8ZLsMhEj5f4wFAF0DWoK7qhGJvgaijocXxBmSToKfbFtqbxMO7bVjNA1dmE5huAzjXj/ey86iw9Q==",
            "dependencies": {
                "@types/normalize-package-data": "^2.4.0",
                "normalize-package-data": "^3.0.2",
                "parse-json": "^5.2.0",
                "type-fest": "^1.0.1"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=12"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/sindresorhus"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/read-pkg/node_modules/hosted-git-info": {
            "version": "2.8.9",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/hosted-git-info/-/hosted-git-info-2.8.9.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-mxIDAb9Lsm6DoOJ7xH+5+X4y1LU/4Hi50L9C5sIswK3JzULS4bwk1FvjdBgvYR4bzT4tuUQiC15FE2f5HbLvYw=="
        },
        "node_modules/read-pkg/node_modules/normalize-package-data": {
            "version": "2.5.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/normalize-package-data/-/normalize-package-data-2.5.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-/5CMN3T0R4XTj4DcGaexo+roZSdSFW/0AOOTROrjxzCG1wrWXEsGbRKevjlIL+ZDE4sZlJr5ED4YW0yqmkK+eA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "hosted-git-info": "^2.1.4",
                "resolve": "^1.10.0",
                "semver": "2 || 3 || 4 || 5",
                "validate-npm-package-license": "^3.0.1"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/read-pkg/node_modules/path-type": {
            "version": "3.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/path-type/-/path-type-3.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-T2ZUsdZFHgA3u4e5PfPbjd7HDDpxPnQb5jN0SrDsjNSuVXHJqtwTnWqG0B1jZrgmJ/7lj1EmVIByWt1gxGkWvg==",
            "dependencies": {
                "pify": "^3.0.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=4"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/read-pkg/node_modules/pify": {
            "version": "3.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/pify/-/pify-3.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-C3FsVNH1udSEX48gGX1xfvwTWfsYWj5U+8/uK15BGzIGrKoUpghX8hWZwa/OFnakBiiVNmBvemTJR5mcy7iPcg==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=4"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/read-pkg/node_modules/semver": {
            "version": "5.7.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/semver/-/semver-5.7.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-cBznnQ9KjJqU67B52RMC65CMarK2600WFnbkcaiwWq3xy/5haFJlshgnpjovMVJ+Hff49d8GEn0b87C5pDQ10g==",
            "bin": {
                "semver": "bin/semver"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/readable-stream": {
            "version": "3.6.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/readable-stream/-/readable-stream-3.6.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-9u/sniCrY3D5WdsERHzHE4G2YCXqoG5FTHUiCC4SIbr6XcLZBY05ya9EKjYek9O5xOAwjGq+1JdGBAS7Q9ScoA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "inherits": "^2.0.3",
                "string_decoder": "^1.1.1",
                "util-deprecate": "^1.0.1"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 6"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/readdirp": {
            "version": "3.6.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/readdirp/-/readdirp-3.6.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-hOS089on8RduqdbhvQ5Z37A0ESjsqz6qnRcffsMU3495FuTdqSm+7bhJ29JvIOsBDEEnan5DPu9t3To9VRlMzA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "picomatch": "^2.2.1"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=8.10.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/recursive-copy": {
            "version": "2.0.14",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/recursive-copy/-/recursive-copy-2.0.14.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-K8WNY8f8naTpfbA+RaXmkaQuD1IeW9EgNEfyGxSqqTQukpVtoOKros9jUqbpEsSw59YOmpd8nCBgtqJZy5nvog==",
            "dependencies": {
                "errno": "^0.1.2",
                "graceful-fs": "^4.1.4",
                "junk": "^1.0.1",
                "maximatch": "^0.1.0",
                "mkdirp": "^0.5.1",
                "pify": "^2.3.0",
                "promise": "^7.0.1",
                "rimraf": "^2.7.1",
                "slash": "^1.0.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/recursive-copy/node_modules/pify": {
            "version": "2.3.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/pify/-/pify-2.3.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-udgsAY+fTnvv7kI7aaxbqwWNb0AHiB0qBO89PZKPkoTmGOgdbrHDKD+0B2X4uTfJ/FT1R09r9gTsjUjNJotuog==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=0.10.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/recursive-copy/node_modules/rimraf": {
            "version": "2.7.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/rimraf/-/rimraf-2.7.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-uWjbaKIK3T1OSVptzX7Nl6PvQ3qAGtKEtVRjRuazjfL3Bx5eI409VZSqgND+4UNnmzLVdPj9FqFJNPqBZFve4w==",
            "dependencies": {
                "glob": "^7.1.3"
            },
            "bin": {
                "rimraf": "bin.js"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/recursive-copy/node_modules/slash": {
            "version": "1.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/slash/-/slash-1.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-3TYDR7xWt4dIqV2JauJr+EJeW356RXijHeUlO+8djJ+uBXPn8/2dpzBc8yQhh583sVvc9CvFAeQVgijsH+PNNg==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=0.10.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/redent": {
            "version": "4.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/redent/-/redent-4.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-tYkDkVVtYkSVhuQ4zBgfvciymHaeuel+zFKXShfDnFP5SyVEP7qo70Rf1jTOTCx3vGNAbnEi/xFkcfQVMIBWag==",
            "dependencies": {
                "indent-string": "^5.0.0",
                "strip-indent": "^4.0.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=12"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/sindresorhus"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/regexp.prototype.flags": {
            "version": "1.5.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/regexp.prototype.flags/-/regexp.prototype.flags-1.5.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-sy6TXMN+hnP/wMy+ISxg3krXx7BAtWVO4UouuCN/ziM9UEne0euamVNafDfvC83bRNr95y0V5iijeDQFUNpvrg==",
            "dependencies": {
                "call-bind": "^1.0.2",
                "define-properties": "^1.2.0",
                "set-function-name": "^2.0.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.4"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/relateurl": {
            "version": "0.2.7",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/relateurl/-/relateurl-0.2.7.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-G08Dxvm4iDN3MLM0EsP62EDV9IuhXPR6blNz6Utcp7zyV3tr4HVNINt6MpaRWbxoOHT3Q7YN2P+jaHX8vUbgog==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.10"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/resolve": {
            "version": "1.22.8",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/resolve/-/resolve-1.22.8.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-oKWePCxqpd6FlLvGV1VU0x7bkPmmCNolxzjMf4NczoDnQcIWrAF+cPtZn5i6n+RfD2d9i0tzpKnG6Yk168yIyw==",
            "dependencies": {
                "is-core-module": "^2.13.0",
                "path-parse": "^1.0.7",
                "supports-preserve-symlinks-flag": "^1.0.0"
            },
            "bin": {
                "resolve": "bin/resolve"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/reusify": {
            "version": "1.0.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/reusify/-/reusify-1.0.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-U9nH88a3fc/ekCF1l0/UP1IosiuIjyTh7hBvXVMHYgVcfGvt897Xguj2UOLDeI5BG2m7/uwyaLVT6fbtCwTyzw==",
            "engines": {
                "iojs": ">=1.0.0",
                "node": ">=0.10.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/rimraf": {
            "version": "3.0.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/rimraf/-/rimraf-3.0.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-JZkJMZkAGFFPP2YqXZXPbMlMBgsxzE8ILs4lMIX/2o0L9UBw9O/Y3o6wFw/i9YLapcUJWwqbi3kdxIPdC62TIA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "glob": "^7.1.3"
            },
            "bin": {
                "rimraf": "bin.js"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/isaacs"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/run-parallel": {
            "version": "1.2.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/run-parallel/-/run-parallel-1.2.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-5l4VyZR86LZ/lDxZTR6jqL8AFE2S0IFLMP26AbjsLVADxHdhB/c0GUsH+y39UfCi3dzz8OlQuPmnaJOMoDHQBA==",
            "funding": [
                {
                    "type": "github",
                    "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/feross"
                },
                {
                    "type": "patreon",
                    "url": "https://www.patreon.com/feross"
                },
                {
                    "type": "consulting",
                    "url": "https://feross.org/support"
                }
            ],
            "dependencies": {
                "queue-microtask": "^1.2.2"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/safe-array-concat": {
            "version": "1.0.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/safe-array-concat/-/safe-array-concat-1.0.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-6XbUAseYE2KtOuGueyeobCySj9L4+66Tn6KQMOPQJrAJEowYKW/YR/MGJZl7FdydUdaFu4LYyDZjxf4/Nmo23Q==",
            "dependencies": {
                "call-bind": "^1.0.2",
                "get-intrinsic": "^1.2.1",
                "has-symbols": "^1.0.3",
                "isarray": "^2.0.5"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=0.4"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/safe-buffer": {
            "version": "5.2.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/safe-buffer/-/safe-buffer-5.2.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-rp3So07KcdmmKbGvgaNxQSJr7bGVSVk5S9Eq1F+ppbRo70+YeaDxkw5Dd8NPN+GD6bjnYm2VuPuCXmpuYvmCXQ==",
            "funding": [
                {
                    "type": "github",
                    "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/feross"
                },
                {
                    "type": "patreon",
                    "url": "https://www.patreon.com/feross"
                },
                {
                    "type": "consulting",
                    "url": "https://feross.org/support"
                }
            ]
        },
        "node_modules/safe-regex-test": {
            "version": "1.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/safe-regex-test/-/safe-regex-test-1.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-JBUUzyOgEwXQY1NuPtvcj/qcBDbDmEvWufhlnXZIm75DEHp+afM1r1ujJpJsV/gSM4t59tpDyPi1sd6ZaPFfsA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "call-bind": "^1.0.2",
                "get-intrinsic": "^1.1.3",
                "is-regex": "^1.1.4"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/safe-stable-stringify": {
            "version": "2.4.3",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/safe-stable-stringify/-/safe-stable-stringify-2.4.3.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-e2bDA2WJT0wxseVd4lsDP4+3ONX6HpMXQa1ZhFQ7SU+GjvORCmShbCMltrtIDfkYhVHrOcPtj+KhmDBdPdZD1g==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=10"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/safer-buffer": {
            "version": "2.1.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/safer-buffer/-/safer-buffer-2.1.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-YZo3K82SD7Riyi0E1EQPojLz7kpepnSQI9IyPbHHg1XXXevb5dJI7tpyN2ADxGcQbHG7vcyRHk0cbwqcQriUtg=="
        },
        "node_modules/sass": {
            "version": "1.77.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/sass/-/sass-1.77.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-vcF3Ckow6g939GMA4PeU7b2K/9FALXk2KF9J87txdHzXbUF9XRQRwSxcAs/fGaTnJeBFd7UoV22j3lzMLdM0Pw==",
            "dependencies": {
                "chokidar": ">=3.0.0 <4.0.0",
                "immutable": "^4.0.0",
                "source-map-js": ">=0.6.2 <2.0.0"
            },
            "bin": {
                "sass": "sass.js"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=14.0.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/sax": {
            "version": "1.3.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/sax/-/sax-1.3.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-0s+oAmw9zLl1V1cS9BtZN7JAd0cW5e0QH4W3LWEK6a4LaLEA2OTpGYWDY+6XasBLtz6wkm3u1xRw95mRuJ59WA=="
        },
        "node_modules/section-matter": {
            "version": "1.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/section-matter/-/section-matter-1.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-vfD3pmTzGpufjScBh50YHKzEu2lxBWhVEHsNGoEXmCmn2hKGfeNLYMzCJpe8cD7gqX7TJluOVpBkAequ6dgMmA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "extend-shallow": "^2.0.1",
                "kind-of": "^6.0.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=4"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/semver": {
            "version": "7.5.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/semver/-/semver-7.5.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-1bCSESV6Pv+i21Hvpxp3Dx+pSD8lIPt8uVjRrxAUt/nbswYc+tK6Y2btiULjd4+fnq15PX+nqQDC7Oft7WkwcA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "lru-cache": "^6.0.0"
            },
            "bin": {
                "semver": "bin/semver.js"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=10"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/semver-compare": {
            "version": "1.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/semver-compare/-/semver-compare-1.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-YM3/ITh2MJ5MtzaM429anh+x2jiLVjqILF4m4oyQB18W7Ggea7BfqdH/wGMK7dDiMghv/6WG7znWMwUDzJiXow=="
        },
        "node_modules/send": {
            "version": "0.18.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/send/-/send-0.18.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-qqWzuOjSFOuqPjFe4NOsMLafToQQwBSOEpS+FwEt3A2V3vKubTquT3vmLTQpFgMXp8AlFWFuP1qKaJZOtPpVXg==",
            "dependencies": {
                "debug": "2.6.9",
                "depd": "2.0.0",
                "destroy": "1.2.0",
                "encodeurl": "~1.0.2",
                "escape-html": "~1.0.3",
                "etag": "~1.8.1",
                "fresh": "0.5.2",
                "http-errors": "2.0.0",
                "mime": "1.6.0",
                "ms": "2.1.3",
                "on-finished": "2.4.1",
                "range-parser": "~1.2.1",
                "statuses": "2.0.1"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.8.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/send/node_modules/debug": {
            "version": "2.6.9",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/debug/-/debug-2.6.9.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-bC7ElrdJaJnPbAP+1EotYvqZsb3ecl5wi6Bfi6BJTUcNowp6cvspg0jXznRTKDjm/E7AdgFBVeAPVMNcKGsHMA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "ms": "2.0.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/send/node_modules/debug/node_modules/ms": {
            "version": "2.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/ms/-/ms-2.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-Tpp60P6IUJDTuOq/5Z8cdskzJujfwqfOTkrwIwj7IRISpnkJnT6SyJ4PCPnGMoFjC9ddhal5KVIYtAt97ix05A=="
        },
        "node_modules/send/node_modules/mime": {
            "version": "1.6.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/mime/-/mime-1.6.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-x0Vn8spI+wuJ1O6S7gnbaQg8Pxh4NNHb7KSINmEWKiPE4RKOplvijn+NkmYmmRgP68mc70j2EbeTFRsrswaQeg==",
            "bin": {
                "mime": "cli.js"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=4"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/send/node_modules/ms": {
            "version": "2.1.3",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/ms/-/ms-2.1.3.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-6FlzubTLZG3J2a/NVCAleEhjzq5oxgHyaCU9yYXvcLsvoVaHJq/s5xXI6/XXP6tz7R9xAOtHnSO/tXtF3WRTlA=="
        },
        "node_modules/serve-static": {
            "version": "1.15.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/serve-static/-/serve-static-1.15.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-XGuRDNjXUijsUL0vl6nSD7cwURuzEgglbOaFuZM9g3kwDXOWVTck0jLzjPzGD+TazWbboZYu52/9/XPdUgne9g==",
            "dependencies": {
                "encodeurl": "~1.0.2",
                "escape-html": "~1.0.3",
                "parseurl": "~1.3.3",
                "send": "0.18.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.8.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/set-function-length": {
            "version": "1.1.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/set-function-length/-/set-function-length-1.1.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-VoaqjbBJKiWtg4yRcKBQ7g7wnGnLV3M8oLvVWwOk2PdYY6PEFegR1vezXR0tw6fZGF9csVakIRjrJiy2veSBFQ==",
            "dependencies": {
                "define-data-property": "^1.1.1",
                "get-intrinsic": "^1.2.1",
                "gopd": "^1.0.1",
                "has-property-descriptors": "^1.0.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.4"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/set-function-name": {
            "version": "2.0.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/set-function-name/-/set-function-name-2.0.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-tMNCiqYVkXIZgc2Hnoy2IvC/f8ezc5koaRFkCjrpWzGpCd3qbZXPzVy9MAZzK1ch/X0jvSkojys3oqJN0qCmdA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "define-data-property": "^1.0.1",
                "functions-have-names": "^1.2.3",
                "has-property-descriptors": "^1.0.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.4"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/setprototypeof": {
            "version": "1.2.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/setprototypeof/-/setprototypeof-1.2.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-E5LDX7Wrp85Kil5bhZv46j8jOeboKq5JMmYM3gVGdGH8xFpPWXUMsNrlODCrkoxMEeNi/XZIwuRvY4XNwYMJpw=="
        },
        "node_modules/shebang-command": {
            "version": "2.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/shebang-command/-/shebang-command-2.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-kHxr2zZpYtdmrN1qDjrrX/Z1rR1kG8Dx+gkpK1G4eXmvXswmcE1hTWBWYUzlraYw1/yZp6YuDY77YtvbN0dmDA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "shebang-regex": "^3.0.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=8"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/shebang-regex": {
            "version": "3.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/shebang-regex/-/shebang-regex-3.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-7++dFhtcx3353uBaq8DDR4NuxBetBzC7ZQOhmTQInHEd6bSrXdiEyzCvG07Z44UYdLShWUyXt5M/yhz8ekcb1A==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=8"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/shell-quote": {
            "version": "1.8.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/shell-quote/-/shell-quote-1.8.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-6j1W9l1iAs/4xYBI1SYOVZyFcCis9b4KCLQ8fgAGG07QvzaRLVVRQvAy85yNmmZSjYjg4MWh4gNvlPujU/5LpA==",
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/side-channel": {
            "version": "1.0.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/side-channel/-/side-channel-1.0.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-q5XPytqFEIKHkGdiMIrY10mvLRvnQh42/+GoBlFW3b2LXLE2xxJpZFdm94we0BaoV3RwJyGqg5wS7epxTv0Zvw==",
            "dependencies": {
                "call-bind": "^1.0.0",
                "get-intrinsic": "^1.0.2",
                "object-inspect": "^1.9.0"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/simple-git": {
            "version": "3.21.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/simple-git/-/simple-git-3.21.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-oTzw9248AF5bDTMk9MrxsRzEzivMlY+DWH0yWS4VYpMhNLhDWnN06pCtaUyPnqv/FpsdeNmRqmZugMABHRPdDA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "@kwsites/file-exists": "^1.1.1",
                "@kwsites/promise-deferred": "^1.1.1",
                "debug": "^4.3.4"
            },
            "funding": {
                "type": "github",
                "url": "https://github.com/steveukx/git-js?sponsor=1"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/simple-swizzle": {
            "version": "0.2.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/simple-swizzle/-/simple-swizzle-0.2.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-JA//kQgZtbuY83m+xT+tXJkmJncGMTFT+C+g2h2R9uxkYIrE2yy9sgmcLhCnw57/WSD+Eh3J97FPEDFnbXnDUg==",
            "dependencies": {
                "is-arrayish": "^0.3.1"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/simple-swizzle/node_modules/is-arrayish": {
            "version": "0.3.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/is-arrayish/-/is-arrayish-0.3.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-eVRqCvVlZbuw3GrM63ovNSNAeA1K16kaR/LRY/92w0zxQ5/1YzwblUX652i4Xs9RwAGjW9d9y6X88t8OaAJfWQ=="
        },
        "node_modules/sitemap": {
            "version": "6.4.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/sitemap/-/sitemap-6.4.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-DoPKNc2/apQZTUnfiOONWctwq7s6dZVspxAZe2VPMNtoqNq7HgXRvlRnbIpKjf+8+piQdWncwcy+YhhTGY5USQ==",
            "dependencies": {
                "@types/node": "^14.14.28",
                "@types/sax": "^1.2.1",
                "arg": "^5.0.0",
                "sax": "^1.2.4"
            },
            "bin": {
                "sitemap": "dist/cli.js"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=10.3.0",
                "npm": ">=5.6.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/slash": {
            "version": "4.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/slash/-/slash-4.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-3dOsAHXXUkQTpOYcoAxLIorMTp4gIQr5IW3iVb7A7lFIp0VHhnynm9izx6TssdrIcVIESAlVjtnO2K8bg+Coew==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=12"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/sindresorhus"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/slugify": {
            "version": "1.6.6",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/slugify/-/slugify-1.6.6.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-h+z7HKHYXj6wJU+AnS/+IH8Uh9fdcX1Lrhg1/VMdf9PwoBQXFcXiAdsy2tSK0P6gKwJLXp02r90ahUCqHk9rrw==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=8.0.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/source-map": {
            "version": "0.6.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/source-map/-/source-map-0.6.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-UjgapumWlbMhkBgzT7Ykc5YXUT46F0iKu8SGXq0bcwP5dz/h0Plj6enJqjz1Zbq2l5WaqYnrVbwWOWMyF3F47g==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=0.10.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/source-map-js": {
            "version": "1.2.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/source-map-js/-/source-map-js-1.2.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-itJW8lvSA0TXEphiRoawsCksnlf8SyvmFzIhltqAHluXd88pkCd+cXJVHTDwdCr0IzwptSm035IHQktUu1QUMg==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=0.10.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/spdx-correct": {
            "version": "3.2.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/spdx-correct/-/spdx-correct-3.2.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-kN9dJbvnySHULIluDHy32WHRUu3Og7B9sbY7tsFLctQkIqnMh3hErYgdMjTYuqmcXX+lK5T1lnUt3G7zNswmZA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "spdx-expression-parse": "^3.0.0",
                "spdx-license-ids": "^3.0.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/spdx-exceptions": {
            "version": "2.3.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/spdx-exceptions/-/spdx-exceptions-2.3.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-/tTrYOC7PPI1nUAgx34hUpqXuyJG+DTHJTnIULG4rDygi4xu/tfgmq1e1cIRwRzwZgo4NLySi+ricLkZkw4i5A=="
        },
        "node_modules/spdx-expression-parse": {
            "version": "3.0.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/spdx-expression-parse/-/spdx-expression-parse-3.0.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-cbqHunsQWnJNE6KhVSMsMeH5H/L9EpymbzqTQ3uLwNCLZ1Q481oWaofqH7nO6V07xlXwY6PhQdQ2IedWx/ZK4Q==",
            "dependencies": {
                "spdx-exceptions": "^2.1.0",
                "spdx-license-ids": "^3.0.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/spdx-license-ids": {
            "version": "3.0.16",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/spdx-license-ids/-/spdx-license-ids-3.0.16.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-eWN+LnM3GR6gPu35WxNgbGl8rmY1AEmoMDvL/QD6zYmPWgywxWqJWNdLGT+ke8dKNWrcYgYjPpG5gbTfghP8rw=="
        },
        "node_modules/sprintf-js": {
            "version": "1.0.3",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/sprintf-js/-/sprintf-js-1.0.3.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-D9cPgkvLlV3t3IzL0D0YLvGA9Ahk4PcvVwUbN0dSGr1aP0Nrt4AEnTUbuGvquEC0mA64Gqt1fzirlRs5ibXx8g=="
        },
        "node_modules/ssri": {
            "version": "8.0.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/ssri/-/ssri-8.0.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-97qShzy1AiyxvPNIkLWoGua7xoQzzPjQ0HAH4B0rWKo7SZ6USuPcrUiAFrws0UH8RrbWmgq3LMTObhPIHbbBeQ==",
            "dependencies": {
                "minipass": "^3.1.1"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 8"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/stack-trace": {
            "version": "0.0.10",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/stack-trace/-/stack-trace-0.0.10.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-KGzahc7puUKkzyMt+IqAep+TVNbKP+k2Lmwhub39m1AsTSkaDutx56aDCo+HLDzf/D26BIHTJWNiTG1KAJiQCg==",
            "engines": {
                "node": "*"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/statuses": {
            "version": "2.0.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/statuses/-/statuses-2.0.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-RwNA9Z/7PrK06rYLIzFMlaF+l73iwpzsqRIFgbMLbTcLD6cOao82TaWefPXQvB2fOC4AjuYSEndS7N/mTCbkdQ==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.8"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/string_decoder": {
            "version": "1.3.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/string_decoder/-/string_decoder-1.3.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-hkRX8U1WjJFd8LsDJ2yQ/wWWxaopEsABU1XfkM8A+j0+85JAGppt16cr1Whg6KIbb4okU6Mql6BOj+uup/wKeA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "safe-buffer": "~5.2.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/string.prototype.padend": {
            "version": "3.1.5",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/string.prototype.padend/-/string.prototype.padend-3.1.5.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-DOB27b/2UTTD+4myKUFh+/fXWcu/UDyASIXfg+7VzoCNNGOfWvoyU/x5pvVHr++ztyt/oSYI1BcWBBG/hmlNjA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "call-bind": "^1.0.2",
                "define-properties": "^1.2.0",
                "es-abstract": "^1.22.1"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.4"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/string.prototype.trim": {
            "version": "1.2.8",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/string.prototype.trim/-/string.prototype.trim-1.2.8.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-lfjY4HcixfQXOfaqCvcBuOIapyaroTXhbkfJN3gcB1OtyupngWK4sEET9Knd0cXd28kTUqu/kHoV4HKSJdnjiQ==",
            "dependencies": {
                "call-bind": "^1.0.2",
                "define-properties": "^1.2.0",
                "es-abstract": "^1.22.1"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.4"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/string.prototype.trimend": {
            "version": "1.0.7",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/string.prototype.trimend/-/string.prototype.trimend-1.0.7.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-Ni79DqeB72ZFq1uH/L6zJ+DKZTkOtPIHovb3YZHQViE+HDouuU4mBrLOLDn5Dde3RF8qw5qVETEjhu9locMLvA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "call-bind": "^1.0.2",
                "define-properties": "^1.2.0",
                "es-abstract": "^1.22.1"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/string.prototype.trimstart": {
            "version": "1.0.7",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/string.prototype.trimstart/-/string.prototype.trimstart-1.0.7.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-NGhtDFu3jCEm7B4Fy0DpLewdJQOZcQ0rGbwQ/+stjnrp2i+rlKeCvos9hOIeCmqwratM47OBxY7uFZzjxHXmrg==",
            "dependencies": {
                "call-bind": "^1.0.2",
                "define-properties": "^1.2.0",
                "es-abstract": "^1.22.1"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/strip-bom": {
            "version": "3.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/strip-bom/-/strip-bom-3.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-vavAMRXOgBVNF6nyEEmL3DBK19iRpDcoIwW+swQ+CbGiu7lju6t+JklA1MHweoWtadgt4ISVUsXLyDq34ddcwA==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=4"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/strip-bom-string": {
            "version": "1.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/strip-bom-string/-/strip-bom-string-1.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-uCC2VHvQRYu+lMh4My/sFNmF2klFymLX1wHJeXnbEJERpV/ZsVuonzerjfrGpIGF7LBVa1O7i9kjiWvJiFck8g==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=0.10.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/strip-indent": {
            "version": "4.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/strip-indent/-/strip-indent-4.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-mnVSV2l+Zv6BLpSD/8V87CW/y9EmmbYzGCIavsnsI6/nwn26DwffM/yztm30Z/I2DY9wdS3vXVCMnHDgZaVNoA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "min-indent": "^1.0.1"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=12"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/sindresorhus"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/supports-color": {
            "version": "7.2.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/supports-color/-/supports-color-7.2.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-qpCAvRl9stuOHveKsn7HncJRvv501qIacKzQlO/+Lwxc9+0q2wLyv4Dfvt80/DPn2pqOBsJdDiogXGR9+OvwRw==",
            "dependencies": {
                "has-flag": "^4.0.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=8"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/supports-preserve-symlinks-flag": {
            "version": "1.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/supports-preserve-symlinks-flag/-/supports-preserve-symlinks-flag-1.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-ot0WnXS9fgdkgIcePe6RHNk1WA8+muPa6cSjeR3V8K27q9BB1rTE3R1p7Hv0z1ZyAc8s6Vvv8DIyWf681MAt0w==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.4"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/text-hex": {
            "version": "1.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/text-hex/-/text-hex-1.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-uuVGNWzgJ4yhRaNSiubPY7OjISw4sw4E5Uv0wbjp+OzcbmVU/rsT8ujgcXJhn9ypzsgr5vlzpPqP+MBBKcGvbg=="
        },
        "node_modules/to-fast-properties": {
            "version": "2.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/to-fast-properties/-/to-fast-properties-2.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-/OaKK0xYrs3DmxRYqL/yDc+FxFUVYhDlXMhRmv3z915w2HF1tnN1omB354j8VUGO/hbRzyD6Y3sA7v7GS/ceog==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=4"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/to-regex-range": {
            "version": "5.0.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/to-regex-range/-/to-regex-range-5.0.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-65P7iz6X5yEr1cwcgvQxbbIw7Uk3gOy5dIdtZ4rDveLqhrdJP+Li/Hx6tyK0NEb+2GCyneCMJiGqrADCSNk8sQ==",
            "license": "MIT",
            "dependencies": {
                "is-number": "^7.0.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=8.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/toidentifier": {
            "version": "1.0.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/toidentifier/-/toidentifier-1.0.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-o5sSPKEkg/DIQNmH43V0/uerLrpzVedkUh8tGNvaeXpfpuwjKenlSox/2O/BTlZUtEe+JG7s5YhEz608PlAHRA==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=0.6"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/token-stream": {
            "version": "1.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/token-stream/-/token-stream-1.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-VSsyNPPW74RpHwR8Fc21uubwHY7wMDeJLys2IX5zJNih+OnAnaifKHo+1LHT7DAdloQ7apeaaWg8l7qnf/TnEg=="
        },
        "node_modules/trim-newlines": {
            "version": "4.1.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/trim-newlines/-/trim-newlines-4.1.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-jRKj0n0jXWo6kh62nA5TEh3+4igKDXLvzBJcPpiizP7oOolUrYIxmVBG9TOtHYFHoddUk6YvAkGeGoSVTXfQXQ==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=12"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/sindresorhus"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/triple-beam": {
            "version": "1.4.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/triple-beam/-/triple-beam-1.4.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-aZbgViZrg1QNcG+LULa7nhZpJTZSLm/mXnHXnbAbjmN5aSa0y7V+wvv6+4WaBtpISJzThKy+PIPxc1Nq1EJ9mg==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 14.0.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/tslib": {
            "version": "2.6.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/tslib/-/tslib-2.6.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-AEYxH93jGFPn/a2iVAwW87VuUIkR1FVUKB77NwMF7nBTDkDrrT/Hpt/IrCJ0QXhW27jTBDcf5ZY7w6RiqTMw2Q=="
        },
        "node_modules/type-fest": {
            "version": "1.4.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/type-fest/-/type-fest-1.4.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-yGSza74xk0UG8k+pLh5oeoYirvIiWo5t0/o3zHHAO2tRDiZcxWP7fywNlXhqb6/r6sWvwi+RsyQMWhVLe4BVuA==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=10"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/sindresorhus"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/type-is": {
            "version": "1.6.18",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/type-is/-/type-is-1.6.18.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-TkRKr9sUTxEH8MdfuCSP7VizJyzRNMjj2J2do2Jr3Kym598JVdEksuzPQCnlFPW4ky9Q+iA+ma9BGm06XQBy8g==",
            "dependencies": {
                "media-typer": "0.3.0",
                "mime-types": "~2.1.24"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.6"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/typed-array-buffer": {
            "version": "1.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/typed-array-buffer/-/typed-array-buffer-1.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-Y8KTSIglk9OZEr8zywiIHG/kmQ7KWyjseXs1CbSo8vC42w7hg2HgYTxSWwP0+is7bWDc1H+Fo026CpHFwm8tkw==",
            "dependencies": {
                "call-bind": "^1.0.2",
                "get-intrinsic": "^1.2.1",
                "is-typed-array": "^1.1.10"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.4"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/typed-array-byte-length": {
            "version": "1.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/typed-array-byte-length/-/typed-array-byte-length-1.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-Or/+kvLxNpeQ9DtSydonMxCx+9ZXOswtwJn17SNLvhptaXYDJvkFFP5zbfU/uLmvnBJlI4yrnXRxpdWH/M5tNA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "call-bind": "^1.0.2",
                "for-each": "^0.3.3",
                "has-proto": "^1.0.1",
                "is-typed-array": "^1.1.10"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.4"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/typed-array-byte-offset": {
            "version": "1.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/typed-array-byte-offset/-/typed-array-byte-offset-1.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-RD97prjEt9EL8YgAgpOkf3O4IF9lhJFr9g0htQkm0rchFp/Vx7LW5Q8fSXXub7BXAODyUQohRMyOc3faCPd0hg==",
            "dependencies": {
                "available-typed-arrays": "^1.0.5",
                "call-bind": "^1.0.2",
                "for-each": "^0.3.3",
                "has-proto": "^1.0.1",
                "is-typed-array": "^1.1.10"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.4"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/typed-array-length": {
            "version": "1.0.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/typed-array-length/-/typed-array-length-1.0.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-KjZypGq+I/H7HI5HlOoGHkWUUGq+Q0TPhQurLbyrVrvnKTBgzLhIJ7j6J/XTQOi0d1RjyZ0wdas8bKs2p0x3Ng==",
            "dependencies": {
                "call-bind": "^1.0.2",
                "for-each": "^0.3.3",
                "is-typed-array": "^1.1.9"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/uc.micro": {
            "version": "1.0.6",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/uc.micro/-/uc.micro-1.0.6.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-8Y75pvTYkLJW2hWQHXxoqRgV7qb9B+9vFEtidML+7koHUFapnVJAZ6cKs+Qjz5Aw3aZWHMC6u0wJE3At+nSGwA=="
        },
        "node_modules/uglify-js": {
            "version": "3.17.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/uglify-js/-/uglify-js-3.17.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-T9q82TJI9e/C1TAxYvfb16xO120tMVFZrGA3f9/P4424DNu6ypK103y0GPFVa17yotwSyZW5iYXgjYHkGrJW/g==",
            "bin": {
                "uglifyjs": "bin/uglifyjs"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=0.8.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/unbox-primitive": {
            "version": "1.0.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/unbox-primitive/-/unbox-primitive-1.0.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-61pPlCD9h51VoreyJ0BReideM3MDKMKnh6+V9L08331ipq6Q8OFXZYiqP6n/tbHx4s5I9uRhcye6BrbkizkBDw==",
            "dependencies": {
                "call-bind": "^1.0.2",
                "has-bigints": "^1.0.2",
                "has-symbols": "^1.0.3",
                "which-boxed-primitive": "^1.0.2"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/unpipe": {
            "version": "1.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/unpipe/-/unpipe-1.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-pjy2bYhSsufwWlKwPc+l3cN7+wuJlK6uz0YdJEOlQDbl6jo/YlPi4mb8agUkVC8BF7V8NuzeyPNqRksA3hztKQ==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.8"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/upper-case": {
            "version": "1.1.3",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/upper-case/-/upper-case-1.1.3.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-WRbjgmYzgXkCV7zNVpy5YgrHgbBv126rMALQQMrmzOVC4GM2waQ9x7xtm8VU+1yF2kWyPzI9zbZ48n4vSxwfSA=="
        },
        "node_modules/util-deprecate": {
            "version": "1.0.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/util-deprecate/-/util-deprecate-1.0.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-EPD5q1uXyFxJpCrLnCc1nHnq3gOa6DZBocAIiI2TaSCA7VCJ1UJDMagCzIkXNsUYfD1daK//LTEQ8xiIbrHtcw=="
        },
        "node_modules/utils-merge": {
            "version": "1.0.1",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/utils-merge/-/utils-merge-1.0.1.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-pMZTvIkT1d+TFGvDOqodOclx0QWkkgi6Tdoa8gC8ffGAAqz9pzPTZWAybbsHHoED/ztMtkv/VoYTYyShUn81hA==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.4.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/validate-npm-package-license": {
            "version": "3.0.4",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/validate-npm-package-license/-/validate-npm-package-license-3.0.4.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-DpKm2Ui/xN7/HQKCtpZxoRWBhZ9Z0kqtygG8XCgNQ8ZlDnxuQmWhj566j8fN4Cu3/JmbhsDo7fcAJq4s9h27Ew==",
            "dependencies": {
                "spdx-correct": "^3.0.0",
                "spdx-expression-parse": "^3.0.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/vary": {
            "version": "1.1.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/vary/-/vary-1.1.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-BNGbWLfd0eUPabhkXUVm0j8uuvREyTh5ovRa/dyow/BqAbZJyC+5fU+IzQOzmAKzYqYRAISoRhdQr3eIZ/PXqg==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.8"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/void-elements": {
            "version": "3.1.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/void-elements/-/void-elements-3.1.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-Dhxzh5HZuiHQhbvTW9AMetFfBHDMYpo23Uo9btPXgdYP+3T5S+p+jgNy7spra+veYhBP2dCSgxR/i2Y02h5/6w==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=0.10.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/what-the-diff": {
            "version": "0.6.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/what-the-diff/-/what-the-diff-0.6.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-8BgQ4uo4cxojRXvCIcqDpH4QHaq0Ksn2P3LYfztylC5LDSwZKuGHf0Wf7sAStjPLTcB8eCB8pJJcPQSWfhZlkg=="
        },
        "node_modules/which": {
            "version": "2.0.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/which/-/which-2.0.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-BLI3Tl1TW3Pvl70l3yq3Y64i+awpwXqsGBYWkkqMtnbXgrMD+yj7rhW0kuEDxzJaYXGjEW5ogapKNMEKNMjibA==",
            "dependencies": {
                "isexe": "^2.0.0"
            },
            "bin": {
                "node-which": "bin/node-which"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 8"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/which-boxed-primitive": {
            "version": "1.0.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/which-boxed-primitive/-/which-boxed-primitive-1.0.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-bwZdv0AKLpplFY2KZRX6TvyuN7ojjr7lwkg6ml0roIy9YeuSr7JS372qlNW18UQYzgYK9ziGcerWqZOmEn9VNg==",
            "dependencies": {
                "is-bigint": "^1.0.1",
                "is-boolean-object": "^1.1.0",
                "is-number-object": "^1.0.4",
                "is-string": "^1.0.5",
                "is-symbol": "^1.0.3"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/which-typed-array": {
            "version": "1.1.13",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/which-typed-array/-/which-typed-array-1.1.13.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-P5Nra0qjSncduVPEAr7xhoF5guty49ArDTwzJ/yNuPIbZppyRxFQsRCWrocxIY+CnMVG+qfbU2FmDKyvSGClow==",
            "dependencies": {
                "available-typed-arrays": "^1.0.5",
                "call-bind": "^1.0.4",
                "for-each": "^0.3.3",
                "gopd": "^1.0.1",
                "has-tostringtag": "^1.0.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 0.4"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/ljharb"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/winston": {
            "version": "3.11.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/winston/-/winston-3.11.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-L3yR6/MzZAOl0DsysUXHVjOwv8mKZ71TrA/41EIduGpOOV5LQVodqN+QdQ6BS6PJ/RdIshZhq84P/fStEZkk7g==",
            "dependencies": {
                "@colors/colors": "^1.6.0",
                "@dabh/diagnostics": "^2.0.2",
                "async": "^3.2.3",
                "is-stream": "^2.0.0",
                "logform": "^2.4.0",
                "one-time": "^1.0.0",
                "readable-stream": "^3.4.0",
                "safe-stable-stringify": "^2.3.1",
                "stack-trace": "0.0.x",
                "triple-beam": "^1.3.0",
                "winston-transport": "^4.5.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 12.0.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/winston-transport": {
            "version": "4.6.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/winston-transport/-/winston-transport-4.6.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-wbBA9PbPAHxKiygo7ub7BYRiKxms0tpfU2ljtWzb3SjRjv5yl6Ozuy/TkXf00HTAt+Uylo3gSkNwzc4ME0wiIg==",
            "dependencies": {
                "logform": "^2.3.2",
                "readable-stream": "^3.6.0",
                "triple-beam": "^1.3.0"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 12.0.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/with": {
            "version": "7.0.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/with/-/with-7.0.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-RNGKj82nUPg3g5ygxkQl0R937xLyho1J24ItRCBTr/m1YnZkzJy1hUiHUJrc/VlsDQzsCnInEGSg3bci0Lmd4w==",
            "dependencies": {
                "@babel/parser": "^7.9.6",
                "@babel/types": "^7.9.6",
                "assert-never": "^1.2.1",
                "babel-walk": "3.0.0-canary-5"
            },
            "engines": {
                "node": ">= 10.0.0"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/wordwrap": {
            "version": "1.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/wordwrap/-/wordwrap-1.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-gvVzJFlPycKc5dZN4yPkP8w7Dc37BtP1yczEneOb4uq34pXZcvrtRTmWV8W+Ume+XCxKgbjM+nevkyFPMybd4Q=="
        },
        "node_modules/wrappy": {
            "version": "1.0.2",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/wrappy/-/wrappy-1.0.2.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-l4Sp/DRseor9wL6EvV2+TuQn63dMkPjZ/sp9XkghTEbV9KlPS1xUsZ3u7/IQO4wxtcFB4bgpQPRcR3QCvezPcQ=="
        },
        "node_modules/ws": {
            "version": "8.18.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/ws/-/ws-8.18.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-8VbfWfHLbbwu3+N6OKsOMpBdT4kXPDDB9cJk2bJ6mh9ucxdlnNvH1e+roYkKmN9Nxw2yjz7VzeO9oOz2zJ04Pw==",
            "license": "MIT",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=10.0.0"
            },
            "peerDependencies": {
                "bufferutil": "^4.0.1",
                "utf-8-validate": ">=5.0.2"
            },
            "peerDependenciesMeta": {
                "bufferutil": {
                    "optional": true
                },
                "utf-8-validate": {
                    "optional": true
                }
            }
        },
        "node_modules/yallist": {
            "version": "4.0.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/yallist/-/yallist-4.0.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-3wdGidZyq5PB084XLES5TpOSRA3wjXAlIWMhum2kRcv/41Sn2emQ0dycQW4uZXLejwKvg6EsvbdlVL+FYEct7A=="
        },
        "node_modules/yargs-parser": {
            "version": "20.2.9",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/yargs-parser/-/yargs-parser-20.2.9.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-y11nGElTIV+CT3Zv9t7VKl+Q3hTQoT9a1Qzezhhl6Rp21gJ/IVTW7Z3y9EWXhuUBC2Shnf+DX0antecpAwSP8w==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=10"
            }
        },
        "node_modules/yocto-queue": {
            "version": "0.1.0",
            "resolved": "https://registry.npmjs.org/yocto-queue/-/yocto-queue-0.1.0.tgz",
            "integrity": "sha512-rVksvsnNCdJ/ohGc6xgPwyN8eheCxsiLM8mxuE/t/mOVqJewPuO1miLpTHQiRgTKCLexL4MeAFVagts7HmNZ2Q==",
            "engines": {
                "node": ">=10"
            },
            "funding": {
                "url": "https://github.com/sponsors/sindresorhus"
            }
        }
    }
}

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\package.json`:

```````json
{
    "name": "starter-kit-v4",
    "version": "1.0.0",
    "description": "",
    "main": "index.js",
    "scripts": {
        "watch:sass": "sass --watch src/assets/sass:./src/assets/css",
        "build:sass": "sass src/assets/sass:./src/assets/css",
        "watch:eleventy": "cross-env ELEVENTY_ENV=DEV eleventy --serve",
        "build:eleventy": "cross-env ELEVENTY_ENV=PROD eleventy",
        "watch:cms": "npx decap-server",
        "start": "del-cli ./public --force && npm-run-all --parallel watch:*",
        "build": "run-s build:*"
    },
    "repository": {
        "type": "git",
        "url": "git+https://github.com/CodeStitchOfficial/Intermediate-Website-Kit-SASS.git"
    },
    "keywords": [],
    "author": "",
    "license": "ISC",
    "bugs": {
        "url": "https://github.com/CodeStitchOfficial/Intermediate-Website-Kit-SASS/issues"
    },
    "homepage": "https://github.com/CodeStitchOfficial/Intermediate-Website-Kit-SASS#readme",
    "dependencies": {
        "@11ty/eleventy": "^2.0.1",
        "@11ty/eleventy-navigation": "^0.3.5",
        "@quasibit/eleventy-plugin-sitemap": "^2.2.0",
        "@sherby/eleventy-plugin-files-minifier": "^1.1.1",
        "cross-env": "^7.0.3",
        "decap-server": "^3.0.1",
        "del-cli": "^5.0.0",
        "esbuild": "^0.21.4",
        "npm-run-all": "^4.1.5",
        "sass": "^1.77.4"
    }
}

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\README.md`:

```````md
<br/>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://codestitch.app/">
    <img src="https://codestitch.app/frontend/images/icon.png" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">Intermediate Starter Kit (SASS)</h3>

  <p align="center">
    Introducing the Intermediate Website Kit, presented by CodeStitch. This kit includes a pre-configured Eleventy environment with Nunjucks templating, along with seamless integration of Decap CMS. This setup allows you to quickly start a project while providing your client with a blog for content management. Everything is ready to go right from the start, offering a fantastic introduction to the advantages of a Static Site Generator, complete with SASS preprocessing.
    <br/>
    <br/>
    <a href="https://github.com/CodeStitchOfficial/Intermediate-Website-Kit-LESS">LESS Starter Kit</a>
    .
    <a href="https://codestitch-intermediate.netlify.app/">View Live Result</a>
    .
    <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0BNCYM4InT0&t">Watch Video</a>
    .
    <a href="https://codestitch.app/contact">Report Bug</a>
  </p>
</p>

## Table of Contents

-   <a href="#overview">Overview</a>
-   <a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a>
    -   <a href="#must-knows">Must Knows</a>
    -   <a href="#good-to-knows">Good-to-knows</a>
-   <a href="#quick-start-guide">Quick Start Guide</a>
-   <a href="#explanation-of-file-structure">Explanation of File Structure</a>
    -   <a href="#root-files">Root Files</a>
        -   <a href="#eleventyjs">.eleventy.js</a>
        -   <a href="#netlifytoml">netlify.toml</a>
        -   <a href="#packagejson-and-package-lockjson">package.json and package-lock.json</a>
    -   <a href="#nodemodules">node_modules/</a>
    -   <a href="#public">public/</a>
    -   <a href="#src">src/</a>
        -   <a href="#_data">\_data/</a>
        -   <a href="#_includes">\_includes</a>
            -   <a href="#nav-auto">Navigations \- Rendering Automatically</a>
            -   <a href="#nav-manual">Navigations \- Rendering Manually</a>
    -   <a href="#admin">admin/</a>
    -   <a href="#assets">assets/</a>
    -   <a href="#config">config/</a>
    -   <a href="#content">content/</a>
    -   <a href="#root-src-files">Root src/ Files</a>
        -   <a href="#redirects">\_redirects</a>
        -   <a href="#indexhtml">index.html</a>
        -   <a href="#robotshtml">robots.html</a>
        -   <a href="#sitemaphtml">sitemap.html</a>
-   <a href="#deployment">Deployment</a>

<a name="overview"></a>

## Overview

The Intermediate Website Kit builds off the beginner kits, mainly by including a pre-configured [Eleventy](https://www.11ty.dev) environment. This setup allows for reusable components, centralized data, and greater scalability as your clients grow. Additionally, a blog has been provided through [Decap CMS](https://decapcms.org/), enabling your clients to manage their own content. This can easily be adapted to various use cases, such as menus, job listing boards, portfolios, and more. A few additional plugins have also been included to enhance the developer experience, offering HTML/CSS minification, JS bundling/minification, and automatic sitemap generation.

An example website is also provided, with easy substitution of website sections through the use of [CodeStitch's vanilla component library](https://codestitch.app/). This kit aims to get any project off the ground as quickly as possible, with deployment achievable in as little as two minutes, including CMS hosting.

<a name="prerequisites"></a>

## Prerequisites

<a name="must-knows"></a>

### Must Knows

_Knowledge requirements before using the kit_

-   HTML/CSS
-   Beginner-level JS
-   Familiarity with working in a NodeJS-powered project (handling dependencies with npm, source vs built files, etc)
-   Familiarity with templating languages (this kit uses Nunjucks)

<a name="good-to-knows"></a>

### Good-to-knows

_Not required for light-medium kit usage, but helpful if you want to customise the kit beyond base functionality_

-   Nunjucks ([Docs found here](https://mozilla.github.io/nunjucks/))
    -   If you've never used Nunjucks before, [this excellent article by Hyunbin](https://hyunbinseo.medium.com/nunjucks-settings-for-vs-code-a0da0dc66b95) explains how to set up VSCode to best support Nunjucks, including formatting, syntax highlighting and Emmet.
-   Eleventy ([Docs found here](https://www.11ty.dev/docs/)). Key topics include:
    -   [The Data Cascade](https://www.11ty.dev/docs/data-cascade/)
    -   [Layouts](https://www.11ty.dev/docs/layouts/)
    -   [Permalinks](https://www.11ty.dev/docs/permalinks/)
    -   [Passthroughs](https://www.11ty.dev/docs/copy/)
-   Decap CMS ([Docs found here](https://decapcms.org/docs/intro/))

<a name="quick-start-guide"></a>

## Quick Start Guide

1.  At the top of this repository page, click the **Use This Template** button to create a new repository.
2.  Follow the instructions to create a new repository from the starter kit.
3.  Clone the repository locally to your computer and open it in VS Code.
4.  Run `npm install` to install all dependencies.
5.  After the installation is complete, run `npm start` to start the development server.
6.  Fill out the `./src/_data/client.js` file with the appropriate information for your client.
7.  Adjust the `:root` variables in `./src/assets/[sass or less]/root.[scss or less]`
8.  Modify the website files (use `./src`, NOT `./public`) as needed. Use the template file in `content/pages/_template.txt` to get started, or modify the existing pages.
9.  Deploy using your preferred hosting provider.

<a name="explanation-of-file-structure"></a>

## Explaination of File Structure

This documentation will explain all the files and directories in the starter kit, from root inwards, top to bottom. By the end, you should have a full understanding of all files and directories, and be fully equipped to adapt the kit to your needs.

```
.
├── public/
├── src/
│ ├── _data/
│ │ └── client.js
│ ├── _includes/
│ │ ├── components/
│ │ └── layouts/
│ ├── admin/
│ │ └── config.yml
│ ├── assets/
│ │ ├── css/
│ │ ├── favicons/
│ │ ├── fonts/
│ │ ├── images/
│ │ ├── js/
│ │ ├── sass or less/
│ │ └── svgs/
| ├── config/
│ ├── content/
│ │ ├── blog/
│ │ └── pages/
│ ├── _redirects
│ ├── index.html
│ ├── robots.txt
├── .eleventy.js
└── netlify.toml
└── package-lock.json
└── package.json
```

<a name="root-files"></a>

### Root Files

<a name="eleventyjs"></a>

#### .eleventy.js

The heart of the kit, the `.eleventy.js` file configures the Eleventy static site generator to work as needed. Here, we're able to define settings that control how files are processed, set up filters/shortcodes to modify data at build time, define which languages are used, and set up third-party plugins to add additional functionality to the kit.

The `.eleventy.js` file is well-documented, with all necessary extra documentation provided for extra reading if desired. A full list of functionalities added via `.eleventy.js` is given below:

-   Sets up CSS and JS as template languages, allowing modification at build time by Eleventy. JS is bundled and minified by esbuild.
-   Adds the following plugins:
    -   [Eleventy Navigation](https://github.com/11ty/eleventy-navigation) - Allows the option to define navigation data within the template front matter.
    -   [Eleventy Sitemap](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@quasibit/eleventy-plugin-sitemap) - Automatically generates a sitemap from all files in `./src/content`.
    -   [Eleventy Minification](https://github.com/benjaminrancourt/eleventy-plugin-files-minifier) - Minifies HTML and CSS (only run in production - when `npm run build` is executed).
-   Passes through all assets (in `./src/assets`) without modification by Eleventy.
-   Adds date formatting filters and a year shortcode.
-   Sets some basic server options.

<a name="netlifytoml"></a>

#### netlify.toml

The kit is made to support deployment to Netlify out-of-the-box, enabled through this `netlify.toml` file. Here, some basic configuration is used to define the `public/` directory as serving the built website files, as well as adding a Google Lighthouse plugin to show Lighthouse scores in Netlify.

<a name="packagejson-and-package-lockjson"></a>

#### package.json and package-lock.json

Standard NodeJS package files, containing the dependencies needed for the project to work. The only things worth noting are the `watch:eleventy` and `build:eleventy` scripts in `package.json`. When `npm start` is used, the `watch:eleventy` script is run, which contains an environment variable (`ELEVENTY_ENV=DEV`). When `npm run build` is used, the `ELEVENTY_ENV` variable is set to `PROD`.

You may notice around the project (e.g., `./src/config/server.js` and `.eleventy.js`) that there is reference to an `isProduction` variable. This is used to control some functionality that is only run while the website is "in production". For example, when `npm run build` is used, we can assume the website is deployed to a live domain, so we can do things like minify the code. This allows comments to be shown in the dev tools while you're actively working on the site but have them removed, and the code minified, for the smallest file sizes and most efficiency when you deploy it.

You shouldn't have to worry about this, however, as all the initial setup has been done for you. It's still good to know if you wish to expand the kit to add production-only functionality.

<a name="nodemodules"></a>

### node_modules/

This directory contains the code for all the dependencies that power this kit. It comes as standard with any NodeJS-powered project, much like the `package.json` and `package-lock.json` files. You can safely ignore this directory in your day-to-day work.

<a name="public"></a>

### public/

All files that have been processed and built by Eleventy are stored here. These are the files that your users will be served and see when they visit the website. It's helpful to look into this directory to debug any issues that may appear in your project, but take care not to actively work in this directory. Any changes you make here will be overwritten the next time the project is run with what's contained in `src/`.

It's also good to understand how it works when a user goes to a domain. If a user goes to [www.example.com](http://www.example.com), the server will look for an `index.html` file at the root of the directory. If they then navigate to [www.example.com/about](http://www.example.com/about), the server will serve the `index.html` file in the /about directory. This is why you'll see a number of directories, all with "index.html" files contained within. If you're expecting a file to be present but you're getting 404 errors when navigating to the appropriate path, check to see if the correct directory/file is being written.

<a name="src"></a>

### src/

<a name="_data"></a>

#### \_data/

This directory contains data files that are accessible within any template throughout the project. Out of the box, the kit only contains a `client.js` file, which holds some information you may wish to define for a client. It's important to fill this file out with the correct information for your client, as many HTML meta tags, the sitemap, and robots.txt all use data from this file.

Consider adding the client's contact details, address, and social media information to this file. Examples have been provided in the kit. This way, you can access the client's information from a single source of truth. If a client changes their email address, you can update it in the `client.js` file and have it reflect across the website without needing to search through multiple files or use Find and Replace.

As an example, we have defined the client's email address under the `email` key. In the footer (`./src/_includes/components/footer.html`), we can use `{{ client.email }}` to access this value and output "help@codestitch.app". The format for outputting the data is `{{ [FILENAME].[KEY] }}`. If we wanted to add another file for pricing information, we could create a file (`_data/pricing.json`), then use `{{ pricing.price }}` to render the price.

In Eleventy, this is known as "Global Data". You can read more about Global Data [here](https://www.11ty.dev/docs/data-global/), with more information about how this works in the context of the Data Cascade [here](https://www.11ty.dev/docs/data-cascade/).

<a name="_includes"></a>

#### \_includes/

The `_includes` directory contains pieces of HTML code that you want to share between multiple pages. This code could be small components (a button or a loading spinner), larger sections (header, footer, or a stitch from [CodeStitch](https://codestitch.app/)), or a layout containing a reusable `<head>` element with all necessary meta tags.

By default, the kit has two sub-directories in `_includes` - one for components and one for layouts.

Components can be used on one, none, or many pages. For example, we've set up a header and a footer that we load on all pages (through `_includes/layouts/base.html`). If you want to make a change to the header or footer, you can do so within `_includes/components`, and this change will be reflected across all pages. This is done by using `{% include "components/header.html" %}`. If you want to adjust some of the data within the component (e.g., a button that has the same structure/core styles but different CTA text), you should look into using a [Nunjucks Macro](https://mozilla.github.io/nunjucks/templating#macro), which you can [import](https://mozilla.github.io/nunjucks/templating#import) where needed.

Layouts define the wider page structure. The main one used in this kit is `base.html`, which contains the document type declaration, `<head>` tag with associated `<meta>` tags (using data in `_data/client.js` and the page front matter), a `<body>` with a `<main>` tag and skip-to-content link, and calls to the header and footer. All pages use `base.html`. This has been configured to work automatically, so you shouldn't need much additional work. For the blog, we have also created a `post.html` layout (which also uses the `base.html` file, through Nunjucks' `{% extends %}`) that we use to render the blog article pages.

<a name="nav-auto"></a>

##### Navigations - Rendering Automatically

One thing you may notice in the `\_includes/header.html` file is the vast amount of Nunjucks code in the `cs-ul-wrapper` element. This is code that makes use of the `eleventyNavigation` object and keys in the frontmatter of all pages that are, by default, added to the kit. This is part of the Eleventy Navigation plugin, which allows us to create scalable navigation menus without having to constantly add new list items and dropdowns to the header whenever a new page is made. If you make a new page using the `\_template.txt` file in `content/pages`, you will be guided to add this information into the front matter, where the navigation will be remade with the new page data automatically.

If you wish to use this kit, and benefit from this way of doing navigations but want to swap out the navigation for another one in the CodeStitch template library, you can copy the `cs-ul-wrapper` `<div>` element that's found in the kit and replace the `cs-ul-wrapper` in the new stitch. As the class system is the same with all Stitches, the auto-rendering functionality, including the application of active-style classes and dropdowns (if a "dropdown" Stitch is used) will remain the same.

<a name="nav-manual"></a>

##### Navigations - Rendering Manually

Some developers may wish to continue with the "old school" way of rendering navigations and add the HTML for new navigation links to the header individually. This is fine to do too.

One issue that you may run into, however, is the addition of the `cs-active` class to the page that the user is currently on. As the same navigation element is being rendered on all pages, manually adding the `cs-active` class to one of the navigation items will cause that item to be "activated" between all pages.

To get around this, you will need to manually add some Nunjucks code to each of the navigation items to check the page the user is on and add `cs-active` if that particular page is being viewed. That code would look like this:

```
<a href="/contact" class="cs-li-link {% if page.url == '/contact/' %} cs-active {% endif %}">
    Contact
</a>
```

Note the if-check in the `class` attribute of the anchor element. Here, we're checking if `page.url` (the page we're currently on) matches the permalink of the navigation item. Make sure both leading and trailing slashes are used. If this were for the home page, we'd just check for "/", like so:

```
<a href="/" class="cs-li-link {% if page.url == '/' %} cs-active {% endif %}">
    Home
</a>
```

<a name="admin"></a>

#### admin/

The `admin/` directory sets up [Decap CMS](https://decapcms.org/) to be used within the project. It's configured as a blog that a client can access by navigating to the `/admin/` path on the deployed site, where they can create, update, and delete blog posts whenever they want. This modifies the markdown files in the source code, which will trigger a rebuild in Netlify, incorporating the new blog data. After about one minute, the client can see the new blog post on the website.

Decap CMS has been chosen due to its open-source nature, good UX/DX, and stability. Very little training is required on the client's end to get it to work - the interface is clean and operates without trouble. It works through an `index.html` file in the `admin/` directory that contains a CDN script for the CMS. This `index.html` file is processed as an Eleventy template, added to `/public/admin`, and the CMS is loaded when navigating to the `/admin` path.

The CMS is configured through a `config.yml` file, as per the Decap documentation. If you wish to use the blog as-is, you shouldn't need to make any changes here. If you want to extend the kit and modify the CMS for your own needs, we recommend referring to the Decap documentation for guidance on how to do so.

<a name="assets"></a>

#### assets/

All other non-content files are stored in `assets/`, which is set up in `.eleventy.js` to be passed through to `public/`. A brief overview of each of the folders within `assets/`, and any relevant notes, is provided below:

-   `css/` - SASS/LESS files from the `less/` or `sass/` directories are built into `css/`. From here, the CSS is processed as an Eleventy template, where we minify the code (production only), and pass it through to `public/`. **Do not** make CSS changes here - instead, use the SASS or LESS asset directory (depending on which kit you're using).
-   `favicons/` - Any favicon files can be stored here. We recommend using [this tool](https://realfavicongenerator.net/) to generate favicons for all devices.
-   `fonts/` - If you have any non-standard fonts you wish to locally host, you can put the files here. You can use [this tool](https://gwfh.mranftl.com/fonts) to download font files to be stored in `fonts/`, as well as generate the code to be put in your `root.scss` or `root.less` file.
-   `images/` - Any images can go here. No processing will occur.
-   `js/` - Put any JavaScript in this directory. It will be processed, bundled, and minified by esbuild.
-   `sass/` or `less/` - Depending on whether you're using the SASS or LESS version of the kit, you'll find your preprocessor files in one of these directories. Make your changes to styling here, not in `assets/css`
-   `svgs/` - A separate directory for SVGs. This makes it easier to bulk-compress SVGs separate from `images/` if you're using a tool like [compressor.io](https://compressor.io/).

<a name="config"></a>

#### config/

All configurations for Eleventy are held in this directory. This includes settings for plugins, extensions, filters, and shortcodes, among other things.

Unless you are confident in your Eleventy abilities, we recommend not making any changes to the files in this directory, as they have all been carefully configured to work without modification. If you are confident enough to make changes, you likely don't need a README to tell you what you're doing!

<a name="content"></a>

#### content/

Any files that are built into HTML pages are held in `content/`. This includes standalone informational pages (held in `pages/`) and the blog markdown posts, which use the `post.html` layout (that in turn uses `base.html` through [Eleventy layout chaining](https://www.11ty.dev/docs/layout-chaining/) and [Nunjucks template inheritance](https://mozilla.github.io/nunjucks/templating#block)) to form the blog posts controlled by the CMS.

You're welcome to modify any of these pages or create your own. If you wish to create your own pages, a template can be found in `pages/content/_template.txt`. Copy this file, paste it, rename it to an HTML file, and follow the structure shown in the template. This template contains some code at the top, wrapped between "---"s, which is called the front matter. This contains data specific to this page, which is used within the layout to set the `<title>` tag, `<meta>` description tag, among other things. This data will overwrite any data contained elsewhere in the [Eleventy Data Cascade](https://www.11ty.dev/docs/data-cascade/).

A copy of the default front matter can be found below:

```
---
title: 'Page title for <title> and OG tags'
description: 'Description for <meta> description and OG tags'
preloadImg: '/assets/images/imagename.format'
permalink: 'page-path/'
eleventyNavigation:
    key: Name to appear in navigation
    order: 1000
    parent: Optional - Put another page's "key" here to create a dropdown
    hideOnMobile: Optional - set to "true" to hide on devices from, and below, 1023px
    hideOnDesktop: Optional - set to "true" to hide on devices above, and including, 1024px
---
```

Under the front matter, there is some more code:

```
{% extends "layouts/base.html" %}

{% block head %}
    <!-- Any page-specific tags that belong in the <head>, such as a page-specific stylesheet -->
{% endblock %}

{% block body %}
    <!-- Page HTML goes here, without a <main> wrapper -->
{% endblock %}
```

The first line, `{% extends "layouts/base.html" %}`, denotes the layout we should use. In the case of this kit, we're using the layout in `_includes/layouts/base.html`. Any code between the `{% block head %} ... {% endblock %}` will be inserted in the `<head>` of the document. This can be useful to insert stylesheets and scripts which you only want to load on this particular page. The page HTML content can be provided within the `{% block body %} ... {% endblock %}`. This will be inserted in the `<body>` of the HTML document, within a `<main>` tag.

Blocks are a Nunjucks feature, which you can read more about [here](https://mozilla.github.io/nunjucks/templating#block).

As mentioned, blog files are held in `content/blog`, with the CMS configured to add new posts as markdown files to this directory. As we can't define things like the layout, tags, permalink, or CSS preloads in the individual markdown files, a [directory data file](https://www.11ty.dev/docs/data-template-dir/) is used in `/blog/` to define this.

A similar directory data file (`content.json`) is used in the `content/` directory to define a "sitemap" tag. This adds all pages in `content/` to the sitemap [collection](https://www.11ty.dev/docs/collections/), which renders our sitemap automatically for us.

<a name="root-src-files"></a>

#### Root src/ Files

<a name="redirects"></a>

##### \_redirects

Set up any redirect rules here. More information can be found in the [Netlify Docs](https://docs.netlify.com/routing/redirects/).

<a name="indexhtml"></a>

##### index.html

The home page. Treat it as if it were any other page in `content/pages`.

<a name="robotshtml"></a>

##### robots.html

Set up as an HTML file so we can use the domain in `_data/client.js` to automatically create a `robots.txt` file in `/public`. We do this by setting the permalink to `/robots.txt`. Unless you need to block crawlers from other pages (we've already blocked `/admin` for you), you shouldn't need to touch this file.

<a name="sitemaphtml"></a>

##### sitemap.html

Similar to `robots.html`, a `.html` file is used to generate a `sitemap.xml` file. It uses all HTML files that have a "sitemap" tag applied, which should be all pages in `content/`.

<a name="deployment"></a>

## Deployment

When you're happy with your website, you can deploy it to your hosting provider of choice. As this kit uses Netlify, we have outlined some instructions below:

1.  Sign in to or create an account with [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/).
2.  Go to [https://app.netlify.com](https://app.netlify.com), click **Sites** on the left-hand navigation, then click **Add new site**, and choose **Import an existing project**.
3.  Choose to deploy your project with GitHub. Follow the steps to link Netlify and GitHub.
4.  Find your project in the list of repositories.
5.  Everything should be already configured, thanks to the `netlify.toml` file. Click **Deploy [PROJECT NAME]**.
6.  Check to see if your site deploys without error. The site should be live, but we still need to set up the CMS.
7.  Go to **Site Configuration > Identity**, and select **Enable Identity service**.
8.  Under **Registration preferences**, select **Open** or **Invite only**. In most cases, you want only invited users to access your CMS, but if you're just experimenting, you can leave it open for convenience.
9.  If you'd like to allow one-click login with services like Google and GitHub, check the boxes next to the services you'd like to use under **External providers**.
10. Scroll down to **Services > Git Gateway**, and click **Enable Git Gateway**. This authenticates with your Git host and generates an API access token. In this case, we're leaving the **Roles** field blank, which means any logged-in user may access the CMS. For information on changing this, check the [Netlify Identity documentation](https://www.netlify.com/docs/identity/).
11. Test the CMS by navigating to `/admin` on the deployed website

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\admin\config.yml`:

```````yml
backend:
    name: git-gateway
    branch: main

local_backend: true
# change url to a link to the image you want to use, no file paths, must be a URL
logo_url: https://codestitch.app/frontend/images/logo.png

media_folder: "src/assets/images/blog"
public_folder: "/assets/images/blog"

collections:
    - name: "blog"
      label: "Blog"
      folder: "src/content/blog"
      create: true
      slug: "{{slug}}"
      fields:
          - { label: "Title", name: "title", widget: "string" }
          - {
                label: "URL Slug",
                name: "url",
                widget: "string",
                hint: 'Specify where the page will be written to. If you use "Blog Post", the post will be accessible from "blog/blog-post"',
            }
          - { label: "Description", name: "description", widget: "string" }
          - { label: "Author", name: "author", widget: "string" }
          - { label: "Date", name: "date", widget: "datetime" }
          - { label: "Tags", name: "tags", widget: "list", default: ["post"] }
          - { label: "Featured Image", name: "image", widget: "image" }
          - { label: "Image Caption", name: "imageAlt", widget: "string" }
          - { label: "Body", name: "body", widget: "markdown" }

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\admin\index.html`:

```````html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
    <head>
        <meta charset="utf-8"/>
        <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
        <script src="https://identity.netlify.com/v1/netlify-identity-widget.js"></script>
        <title>Content Manager</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <!-- Include the script that builds the page and powers Decap CMS -->
        <script src="https://unpkg.com/decap-cms@^3.0.0/dist/decap-cms.js"></script>
    </body>
</html>
```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\assets\css\about.css`:

```````css
/* PAGE-SPECIFIC STYLES FOR THE ABOUT PAGE */
/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---       Side By Side         -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/
/* Mobile - 360px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
  #sbs {
    padding: var(--sectionPadding);
  }
  #sbs .cs-container {
    display: flex;
    flex-direction: column;
    justify-content: center;
    align-items: center;
    margin: auto;
    max-width: 80rem;
    width: 100%;
    row-gap: 2.5rem;
  }
  #sbs .cs-left {
    position: relative;
    height: 39.75em;
    /* using ems so we can use font size to scale the whole section */
    width: 39.4375em;
    /* scaling the font size with the view width */
    font-size: min(2.31vw, 0.7em);
  }
  #sbs .cs-picture {
    position: absolute;
    display: block;
    border-radius: 1.5em;
    /* clips img tag corners */
    overflow: hidden;
  }
  #sbs .cs-picture img {
    position: absolute;
    top: 0;
    left: 0;
    height: 100%;
    width: 100%;
    /* makes image act like a background image */
    object-fit: cover;
  }
  #sbs .cs-picture1 {
    top: 0;
    left: 0;
    height: 36.3125em;
    width: 32.625em;
  }
  #sbs .cs-picture2 {
    bottom: 0;
    right: 0;
    /* 6px - 12px */
    border: clamp(0.375em, 1.5vw, 0.75em) solid #fff;
    background-color: #fff;
    height: 25em;
    width: 25.875em;
    box-shadow: rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1) 0px 0px 40px;
  }
  #sbs .cs-right {
    margin: auto;
    max-width: 33.875rem;
  }
  #sbs .cs-topper {
    margin-bottom: 0.25rem;
    text-align: left;
  }
  #sbs .cs-title {
    max-width: 50rem;
    text-align: left;
  }
  #sbs .cs-text {
    margin-bottom: 1rem;
    max-width: 46.875rem;
    color: var(--bodyTextColor);
    text-align: left;
  }
  #sbs .cs-text:last-of-type {
    margin-bottom: 2rem;
  }
  #sbs .cs-flex-group {
    position: relative;
    border-radius: 1rem;
    background-color: #f7f7f7;
    /* 16px - 32px */
    padding: clamp(1rem, 3vw, 2rem);
  }
  #sbs .cs-flex-p {
    margin: 0 0 1rem;
    /* 14px - 16px */
    font-size: clamp(0.875rem, 1.5vw, 1rem);
    line-height: 1.5em;
    color: #353535;
  }
  #sbs .cs-name {
    display: block;
    margin: 0 0 0.25rem;
    text-transform: uppercase;
    font-size: 1rem;
    line-height: 1.2em;
    font-weight: bold;
    color: var(--headerColor);
  }
  #sbs .cs-job {
    display: block;
    font-size: 0.875rem;
    line-height: 1.5em;
    color: #353535;
  }
  #sbs .cs-quote-icon {
    position: absolute;
    bottom: 0rem;
    /* 16px - 32px */
    right: clamp(1rem, 4vw, 2rem);
    height: auto;
    /* 60px - 136px */
    width: clamp(3.75rem, 10vw, 8.5rem);
  }
  #sbs .cs-button-solid {
    margin-top: 2rem;
  }
}
/* Desktop - 1024px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 64rem) {
  #sbs .cs-container {
    flex-flow: row;
    justify-content: space-between;
    gap: 3.25rem;
  }
  #sbs .cs-left {
    font-size: min(1.2vw, 1em);
    flex: none;
  }
  #sbs .cs-right {
    margin: 0;
  }
}
/* Dark Mode */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
  body.dark-mode #sbs .cs-left:before, body.dark-mode #sbs .cs-left:after {
    background: var(--accent);
  }
  body.dark-mode #sbs .cs-picture2 {
    /* 6px - 12px */
    border: clamp(0.375em, 1.5vw, 0.75em) solid var(--dark);
    background-color: var(--dark);
  }
  body.dark-mode #sbs .cs-topper {
    color: var(--primaryLight);
  }
  body.dark-mode #sbs .cs-title,
  body.dark-mode #sbs .cs-text,
  body.dark-mode #sbs .cs-h3,
  body.dark-mode #sbs .cs-flex-p,
  body.dark-mode #sbs .cs-name {
    color: var(--bodyTextColorWhite);
  }
  body.dark-mode #sbs .cs-flex-group {
    background-color: var(--accent);
  }
  body.dark-mode #sbs .cs-job {
    opacity: 0.8;
    color: var(--bodyTextColorWhite);
  }
  body.dark-mode #sbs .cs-quote-icon {
    opacity: 0.2;
  }
}

/*# sourceMappingURL=about.css.map */

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\assets\css\about.css.map`:

```````map
{"version":3,"sourceRoot":"","sources":["../sass/about.scss"],"names":[],"mappings":"AAAA;AAEA;AAAA;AAAA;AAIA;AACA;EACI;IACI;;EAEA;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;AACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;;EACA;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;;EAIR;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;AACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAEA;IACI;;EAIR;IACI;IACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;AACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;AACA;IACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;;;AAKZ;AACA;EAEQ;IACI;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;;;AAKZ;AACA;EAIgB;IAEI;;EAIR;AACI;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;;EAGJ;AAAA;AAAA;AAAA;AAAA;IAKI;;EAGJ;IACI;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI","file":"about.css"}
```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\assets\css\blog.css`:

```````css
/* PAGE-SPECIFIC STYLES FOR THE BLOG AND ARTICLE PAGES */
/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---        Core Styles         -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/
/* Mobile - 360px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
  .blog-container {
    margin: auto;
    max-width: 70em;
    width: 94%;
  }
  .blog-link {
    z-index: 1;
    position: relative;
    display: inline-block;
    border-radius: 0.25rem;
    margin: auto;
    background-color: var(--headerColor);
    min-width: 9.375rem;
    /* prevents padding from adding to the width */
    box-sizing: border-box;
    padding: 0 1.5rem;
    text-decoration: none;
    font-size: 1rem;
    /* 46px - 56px */
    line-height: clamp(2.875em, 5.5vw, 3.5em);
    font-weight: 700;
    color: #fff;
    transition: color 0.3s;
    text-align: center;
  }
  .blog-link:before {
    z-index: -1;
    z-index: -1;
    position: absolute;
    top: 0;
    left: 0;
    content: "";
    opacity: 0;
    border: 1px solid var(--headerColor);
    border-radius: 0.25rem;
    background: #fff;
    height: 100%;
    width: 100%;
    box-sizing: border-box;
    transition: opacity 0.3s;
  }
  .blog-link:hover {
    color: var(--headerColor);
  }
  .blog-link:hover:before {
    opacity: 1;
  }
}
/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---           Header           -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/
/* Mobile - 360px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
  #header {
    z-index: 1;
    position: relative;
  }
  #header .blog-container {
    padding: clamp(100px, 14vw, 200px) 0 clamp(50px, 11vw, 100px);
  }
  #header .blog-header {
    margin: 0;
    width: 100%;
    font-size: clamp(24px, 4vw, 48px);
    line-height: 1.2em;
    font-weight: 700;
    color: #fff;
    text-align: left;
  }
  #header .blog-bg {
    z-index: -1;
    position: absolute;
    top: 0;
    left: 0;
    display: block;
    height: 100%;
    width: 100%;
  }
  #header .blog-bg img {
    position: absolute;
    top: 0;
    left: 0;
    height: 100%;
    width: 100%;
    object-fit: cover;
  }
  #header .blog-bg:before {
    z-index: 1;
    position: absolute;
    top: 0;
    left: 0;
    /* color overlay */
    content: "";
    opacity: 0.6;
    display: block;
    background: #000;
    height: 100%;
    width: 100%;
  }
}
/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---   Interior Page Header     -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/
/* Mobile */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
  #int-hero {
    z-index: 1;
    position: relative;
    display: flex;
    flex-direction: column;
    justify-content: center;
    align-items: center;
    min-height: 30vh;
    padding-top: 3.125rem;
  }
  #int-hero picture {
    z-index: -2;
    position: absolute;
    top: 0;
    left: 0;
    height: 100%;
    width: 100%;
  }
  #int-hero picture img {
    position: absolute;
    top: 0;
    left: 0;
    height: 100%;
    width: 100%;
    object-fit: cover;
  }
  #int-hero h1 {
    position: relative;
    margin: 0 auto;
    margin-top: 4.375rem;
    margin-bottom: 1.875rem;
    max-width: 31.25rem;
    width: 96%;
    font-size: 2.1333333333rem;
    color: #fff;
    text-align: center;
  }
  #int-hero p {
    display: block;
    margin: auto;
    margin-bottom: 1.875rem;
    max-width: 25rem;
    width: 96%;
    color: #fff;
    text-align: center;
  }
  #int-hero:before {
    z-index: -1;
    position: absolute;
    top: 0;
    left: 0;
    content: "";
    opacity: 0.7;
    display: block;
    background: #000;
    height: 100%;
    width: 100%;
  }
}
/* Tablet */
@media only screen and (min-width: 48rem) {
  #int-hero {
    font-size: 100%;
  }
  #int-hero h1 {
    font-size: 4rem;
  }
}
/* Small Desktop */
@media only screen and (min-width: 64rem) {
  #int-hero {
    background-attachment: fixed;
    min-height: 18.75rem;
    height: auto;
    padding-top: 11.25rem;
    font-size: inherit;
    padding-block-end: 6.25rem;
  }
}
/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---        Main Content        -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/
/* Mobile - 360px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
  .blog-container {
    padding: clamp(60px, 7vw, 100px) 0;
  }
  .main-content-wrapper {
    display: flex;
    flex-direction: column;
    justify-content: center;
    align-items: center;
    row-gap: 3.125em;
  }
  .main-content {
    display: flex;
    flex-direction: column;
    justify-content: center;
    align-items: center;
    width: 100%;
    row-gap: 3.125em;
  }
}
/* Tablet - 1024px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 64rem) {
  .main-content-wrapper {
    flex-direction: row;
    align-items: flex-start;
    column-gap: 1.25em;
  }
}
/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---    Recent Blog Articles    -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/
/* Mobile - 360px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
  .recent-articles {
    max-width: 49.6875em;
    width: 100%;
    overflow: hidden;
    flex: none;
  }
  .recent-articles .blog-mainImage {
    position: relative;
    display: block;
    border-radius: 0.5em 0.5em 0 0;
    height: clamp(200px, 30vw, 400px);
    width: 100%;
    overflow: hidden;
  }
  .recent-articles .blog-mainImage img {
    position: absolute;
    top: 0;
    left: 0;
    height: 100%;
    width: 100%;
    object-fit: cover;
  }
  .recent-articles .article-group {
    border: 1px solid #ebebeb;
    border-radius: 0 0 0.5em 0.5em;
    padding: clamp(30px, 5vw, 50px);
  }
  .recent-articles .blog-author-img {
    position: relative;
    display: block;
    border-radius: 50%;
    height: 2em;
    width: 2em;
    overflow: hidden;
  }
  .recent-articles .blog-author-img img {
    position: absolute;
    top: 0;
    left: 0;
    height: 100%;
    width: 100%;
    object-fit: cover;
  }
  .recent-articles .blog-authorGroup {
    display: flex;
    justify-content: flex-start;
    align-items: center;
    gap: 0.75rem;
  }
  .recent-articles .blog-author,
  .recent-articles .blog-date {
    font-size: 0.875rem;
    line-height: 1.5em;
    color: var(--bodyTextColor);
  }
  .recent-articles .blog-dot {
    display: block;
    border-radius: 50%;
    background-color: var(--primary);
    height: 3px;
    width: 3px;
  }
  .recent-articles .blog-h1 {
    margin: 1rem 0;
    font-size: clamp(20px, 5vw, 32px);
    line-height: 1.4em;
    font-weight: 700;
    color: var(--headerColor);
  }
  .recent-articles .blog-desc {
    margin: 1rem 0 2rem;
    font-size: 1rem;
    line-height: 1.5em;
    color: var(--bodyTextColor);
  }
  .recent-articles .blog-link {
    z-index: 1;
    position: relative;
    display: inline-block;
    border-radius: 0.25rem;
    margin: auto;
    background-color: var(--headerColor);
    min-width: 9.375rem;
    /* prevents padding from adding to the width */
    box-sizing: border-box;
    padding: 0 1.5rem;
    text-decoration: none;
    font-size: 1rem;
    /* 46px - 56px */
    line-height: clamp(2.875em, 5.5vw, 3.5em);
    font-weight: 700;
    color: #fff;
    transition: color 0.3s;
    text-align: center;
  }
  .recent-articles .blog-link:before {
    z-index: -1;
    z-index: -1;
    position: absolute;
    top: 0;
    left: 0;
    content: "";
    opacity: 0;
    border: 1px solid var(--headerColor);
    border-radius: 0.25rem;
    background: #fff;
    height: 100%;
    width: 100%;
    box-sizing: border-box;
    transition: opacity 0.3s;
  }
  .recent-articles .blog-link:hover {
    color: var(--headerColor);
  }
  .recent-articles .blog-link:hover:before {
    opacity: 1;
  }
}
/* Mobile - 1024px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 64rem) {
  .recent-articles .blog-h1 {
    max-width: 31.25rem;
  }
}
/* Dark Mode */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
  body.dark-mode .recent-articles .blog-h1,
  body.dark-mode .recent-articles .blog-desc,
  body.dark-mode .recent-articles .blog-author,
  body.dark-mode .recent-articles .blog-date {
    color: #f7f7f7;
  }
  body.dark-mode .blog-sidebar .feature-h3,
  body.dark-mode .blog-sidebar .feature-date,
  body.dark-mode .blog-sidebar .blog-header {
    color: #f7f7f7;
  }
  body.dark-mode .blog-sidebar .blog-header:after {
    background: var(--primary);
  }
  body.dark-mode .blog-article .blog-h1,
  body.dark-mode .blog-article .blog-author,
  body.dark-mode .blog-article .blog-date {
    color: #f7f7f7;
  }
  body.dark-mode .blog-article #blog-content h1,
  body.dark-mode .blog-article #blog-content h2,
  body.dark-mode .blog-article #blog-content h3,
  body.dark-mode .blog-article #blog-content h4,
  body.dark-mode .blog-article #blog-content h5,
  body.dark-mode .blog-article #blog-content h6 {
    color: #f7f7f7;
  }
  body.dark-mode .blog-article #blog-content p,
  body.dark-mode .blog-article #blog-content li {
    opacity: 0.8;
    color: #f7f7f7;
  }
  body.dark-mode .blog-article #blog-content a {
    color: #9dafe5;
  }
}
/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---          Sidebar           -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/
/* Mobile - 360px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
  .blog-sidebar {
    display: flex;
    flex-direction: column;
    justify-content: center;
    align-items: center;
    max-width: 49.6875em;
    width: 100%;
    box-sizing: border-box;
    row-gap: 3.125em;
  }
  .blog-sidebar .blog-featured-group {
    display: flex;
    flex-direction: column;
    justify-content: flex-start;
    align-items: center;
    border: 1px solid #ebebeb;
    border-radius: 0.5em;
    width: 100%;
    padding: 2.1875em 1.875em;
  }
  .blog-sidebar .blog-header {
    position: relative;
    display: block;
    margin-bottom: 1.875rem;
    font-size: 1.25em;
    font-weight: bold;
    color: var(--headerColor);
    text-align: center;
  }
  .blog-sidebar .blog-header:after {
    position: relative;
    content: "";
    display: block;
    border-radius: 0.25rem;
    margin: 1rem auto;
    background: var(--headerColor);
    height: 3px;
    width: 3.125rem;
  }
  .blog-sidebar .blog-feature {
    display: flex;
    justify-content: flex-start;
    align-items: center;
    border-bottom: 1px solid #ebebeb;
    width: 100%;
    padding: 1.25rem 0;
    text-decoration: none;
    column-gap: 1.5em;
  }
  .blog-sidebar .blog-feature:nth-of-type(1) {
    padding-top: 0;
  }
  .blog-sidebar .blog-feature:last-of-type {
    border: none;
    padding-bottom: 0;
  }
  .blog-sidebar .blog-featureImage {
    position: relative;
    display: block;
    border-radius: 50%;
    height: 3.75em;
    width: 3.75em;
    overflow: hidden;
    flex: none;
  }
  .blog-sidebar .blog-featureImage img {
    position: absolute;
    top: 0;
    left: 0;
    height: 100%;
    width: 100%;
    object-fit: cover;
  }
  .blog-sidebar .feature-h3 {
    display: block;
    margin: 0;
    margin-bottom: 0.25rem;
    text-decoration: none;
    font-size: 0.9375rem;
    line-height: 1.5em;
    font-weight: 700;
    color: var(--headerColor);
  }
  .blog-sidebar .feature-date {
    display: block;
    font-size: 0.875rem;
    line-height: 1.5em;
    color: var(--bodyTextColor);
  }
}
/* Tablet - 1024px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 64rem) {
  .blog-sidebar {
    max-width: 22.5em;
  }
}
/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---        Blog Articles       -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/
/* Mobile - 360px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
  .blog-article {
    display: block;
    max-width: 49.6875em;
    width: 100%;
  }
  .blog-article .blog-mainImage {
    position: relative;
    display: block;
    border-radius: 0.5em;
    margin-bottom: 3.125em;
    height: clamp(200px, 30vw, 400px);
    width: 100%;
    overflow: hidden;
  }
  .blog-article .blog-mainImage img {
    position: absolute;
    top: 0;
    left: 0;
    height: 100%;
    width: 100%;
    object-fit: cover;
  }
  .blog-article .blog-author-img {
    position: relative;
    display: block;
    border-radius: 50%;
    height: 2em;
    width: 2em;
    overflow: hidden;
  }
  .blog-article .blog-author-img img {
    position: absolute;
    top: 0;
    left: 0;
    height: 100%;
    width: 100%;
    object-fit: cover;
  }
  .blog-article .blog-authorGroup {
    display: flex;
    justify-content: flex-start;
    align-items: center;
    gap: 0.75rem;
  }
  .blog-article .blog-author,
  .blog-article .blog-date {
    font-size: 0.875rem;
    line-height: 1.5em;
    color: var(--bodyTextColor);
  }
  .blog-article .blog-dot {
    display: block;
    border-radius: 50%;
    background-color: #fe4f70;
    height: 3px;
    width: 3px;
  }
  .blog-article .blog-h1 {
    margin: 1rem 0;
    max-width: 34.375rem;
    font-size: clamp(20px, 5vw, 39px);
    line-height: 1.4em;
    font-weight: 700;
    color: var(--headerColor);
  }
  .blog-article #blog-content {
    border-top: 1px solid #ebebeb;
    margin-top: 1em;
    padding-top: 1.5625em;
  }
  .blog-article #blog-content h1 {
    margin-bottom: 1rem;
    font-size: 2.25rem;
    line-height: 1.75em;
    font-weight: 700;
    color: var(--headerColor);
  }
  .blog-article #blog-content h2 {
    margin-bottom: 1rem;
    font-size: 1.75rem;
    line-height: 1.5em;
    font-weight: 700;
    color: var(--headerColor);
  }
  .blog-article #blog-content h3 {
    margin-bottom: 1rem;
    font-size: 1.5rem;
    line-height: 1.5em;
    font-weight: 700;
    color: var(--headerColor);
  }
  .blog-article #blog-content h4,
  .blog-article #blog-content h5,
  .blog-article #blog-content h6 {
    margin-bottom: 1rem;
    font-size: 1.25rem;
    line-height: 1.5em;
    font-weight: 700;
    color: var(--headerColor);
  }
  .blog-article #blog-content p {
    margin: 0;
    margin-bottom: 1rem;
    font-size: 1rem;
    line-height: 1.6em;
    color: var(--bodyTextColor);
  }
  .blog-article #blog-content a {
    text-decoration: underline;
    font-size: inherit;
    color: var(--secondary);
  }
  .blog-article #blog-content ul,
  .blog-article #blog-content ol {
    margin: 1rem 0;
    padding-left: 2.5rem;
  }
  .blog-article #blog-content ul li,
  .blog-article #blog-content ol li {
    margin-bottom: 1rem;
    list-style: circle;
    font-size: 1rem;
    line-height: 1.6em;
    color: var(--bodyTextColor);
  }
  .blog-article #blog-content img {
    display: block;
    border-radius: 0.5rem;
    margin: 1rem 0;
    height: auto;
    width: 100%;
  }
}
/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---           Footer           -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/
/* Mobile - 360px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
  #cs-footer {
    background-color: #1a1a1a;
    /* 60px - 100px top and bottom */
    padding: clamp(3.75em, 7.82vw, 6.25em) 1em;
    font-family: "Roboto", "Arial", sans-serif;
  }
  #cs-footer .cs-container {
    margin: auto;
    max-width: 80em;
    width: 100%;
  }
  #cs-footer .cs-logo-group {
    position: relative;
    /* takes up all the space, lets the other ul's wrap below it */
    width: 100%;
  }
  #cs-footer .cs-logo {
    display: block;
    /* 28px - 44px */
    margin-bottom: clamp(1.75em, 4.17vw, 2.75em);
    height: auto;
    /* 210px - 240px */
    width: clamp(13.125em, 8vw, 15em);
  }
  #cs-footer .cs-logo-img {
    height: auto;
    width: 100%;
  }
  #cs-footer .cs-text {
    margin: 0;
    margin-bottom: 2.5rem;
    /* changes to 521px at desktop */
    max-width: 21.5rem;
    color: var(--bodyTextColorWhite);
  }
  #cs-footer .cs-nav {
    margin: 0;
    /* 32px - 40px */
    margin-bottom: clamp(2em, 5.3vw, 2.5em);
    padding: 0;
    padding-left: 1em;
  }
  #cs-footer .cs-nav-li {
    list-style: none;
    line-height: 1.5em;
  }
  #cs-footer .cs-nav-li:last-of-type {
    margin-bottom: 0;
  }
  #cs-footer .cs-header {
    position: relative;
    display: block;
    margin-bottom: 1.25rem;
    font-size: 1rem;
    line-height: 1.5em;
    font-weight: 700;
    color: var(--bodyTextColorWhite);
  }
  #cs-footer .cs-nav-link {
    position: relative;
    text-decoration: none;
    font-size: 1rem;
    line-height: 1.5em;
    color: var(--bodyTextColorWhite);
  }
  #cs-footer .cs-nav-link:before {
    position: absolute;
    bottom: -0.125rem;
    left: 0;
    /* underline */
    content: "";
    opacity: 1;
    display: block;
    /* current color of the parent */
    background: currentColor;
    height: 0.125rem;
    width: 0%;
    transition: width 0.3s;
  }
  #cs-footer .cs-nav-link:hover:before {
    width: 100%;
  }
  #cs-footer .cs-bottom {
    position: relative;
    width: 100%;
    padding-left: 1em;
  }
  #cs-footer .cs-copyright {
    display: block;
    font-size: 1rem;
    line-height: 1.5em;
    color: #b4b2c7;
  }
  #cs-footer .cs-social {
    position: absolute;
    bottom: 0;
    right: 1em;
    display: inline-flex;
    flex-direction: column;
    justify-content: flex-start;
    gap: 0.75em;
  }
  #cs-footer .cs-social-link {
    z-index: 1;
    position: relative;
    display: flex;
    justify-content: center;
    align-items: center;
    border-radius: 50%;
    background-color: #4e4b66;
    height: 1.5rem;
    width: 1.5rem;
    transition: transform 0.3s, background-color 0.3s;
  }
  #cs-footer .cs-social-link:hover {
    transform: translateY(-0.1875rem);
    background-color: var(--primary);
  }
  #cs-footer .cs-social-img {
    display: block;
    height: 0.8125rem;
    width: auto;
  }
}
/* Inbetween - 600px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 37.5em) {
  #cs-footer .cs-container {
    display: flex;
    flex-wrap: wrap;
    justify-content: flex-start;
    align-items: flex-start;
    /* 48px - 60px */
    column-gap: clamp(3em, 5.9vw, 3.75em);
  }
}
/* Tablet - 768px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 48rem) {
  #cs-footer .cs-logo-group {
    display: flex;
    justify-content: space-between;
    align-items: flex-start;
    /* 20px - 60px */
    margin-bottom: clamp(1.25em, 4vw, 3.75em);
  }
  #cs-footer .cs-logo {
    margin: 0;
  }
  #cs-footer .cs-text {
    margin: 0;
    max-width: 32.5625rem;
    width: 50%;
    text-align: right;
  }
  #cs-footer .cs-nav {
    padding: 0;
  }
  #cs-footer .cs-bottom {
    display: flex;
    justify-content: space-between;
    align-items: center;
    padding: 0;
  }
  #cs-footer .cs-social {
    position: relative;
    /* reset these positions */
    bottom: auto;
    right: auto;
    flex-direction: row;
  }
}

/*# sourceMappingURL=blog.css.map */

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\assets\css\blog.css.map`:

```````map
{"version":3,"sourceRoot":"","sources":["../sass/blog.scss"],"names":[],"mappings":"AAAA;AAEA;AAAA;AAAA;AAIA;AACA;EACI;IACI;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAEA;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;;EACA;IACI;;;AAMhB;AAAA;AAAA;AAIA;AACA;EACI;IACI;IACA;;EAEA;IACI;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAEA;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;;AAMh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pB;AACA;EAEQ;IACI;;;AAKZ;AACA;EAGY;AAAA;AAAA;AAAA;IAII;;EAKJ;AAAA;AAAA;IAGI;;EAGA;IACI;;EAMR;AAAA;AAAA;IAGI;;EAIA;AAAA;AAAA;AAAA;AAAA;AAAA;IAMI;;EAEJ;AAAA;IAEI;IACA;;EAEJ;IACI;;;AAOp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hB;AAAA;AAAA;AAIA;AACA;EACI;IACI;AACA;IACA;IACA;;EAEA;IACI;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;AACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;AACA;IACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;AACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;AACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;;EACA;IACI;;EAIR;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAEA;IACI;IACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAIA;IACI;;EAKZ;IACI;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAEA;IACI;IACA;;EAIR;IACI;IACA;IACA;;;AAKZ;AACA;EAEQ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;;;AAKZ;AACA;EAEQ;IACI;IACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;AACA;IACA;IACA;IACA","file":"blog.css"}
```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\assets\css\contact.css`:

```````css
/* PAGE-SPECIFIC STYLES FOR THE CONTACT PAGE */
/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---          Contact           -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/
/* Mobile - 360px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
  :root {
    /* 13px - 16px */
    --topperFontSize: clamp(0.8125rem, 1.6vw, 1rem);
    /* 31px - 49px */
    --headerFontSize: clamp(1.9375rem, 4.5vw, 3.0625rem);
    --bodyFontSize: 1rem;
    /* 60px - 100px top and bottom */
    --sectionPadding: clamp(3.75em, 7.82vw, 6.25em) 1rem;
  }
  #cs-contact {
    padding: var(--sectionPadding);
    font-family: "Roboto", "Arial", sans-serif;
  }
  #cs-contact .cs-container {
    margin: auto;
    /* changes to 1280px at desktop */
    max-width: 50rem;
    width: 100%;
  }
  #cs-contact .cs-content {
    width: 100%;
  }
  #cs-contact .cs-topper {
    /* 8px - 12px */
    margin-bottom: clamp(0.5rem, 1.4vw, 0.75rem);
    text-align: left;
  }
  #cs-contact .cs-title {
    max-width: 50rem;
    text-align: left;
  }
  #cs-contact .cs-text {
    margin: 0 auto 0 0;
    /* 40px - 48px */
    margin-bottom: clamp(2.5rem, 6.3vw, 3rem);
    /* 404px - 522px */
    max-width: clamp(25.25rem, 30vw, 32.625rem);
    text-align: left;
  }
  #cs-contact #cs-form {
    margin-bottom: 2.5rem;
  }
  #cs-contact #cs-form label {
    display: flex;
    flex-direction: column;
    justify-content: center;
    align-items: flex-start;
    /* 12px - 20px */
    margin-bottom: clamp(0.75rem, 1.3em, 1.25rem);
    font-size: 1rem;
    line-height: 1.5em;
    font-weight: 700;
    color: var(--headerColor);
  }
  #cs-contact #cs-form .cs-label-message {
    /* 32px - 48px */
    margin-bottom: clamp(2rem, 6.3vw, 3rem);
  }
  #cs-contact #cs-form input,
  #cs-contact #cs-form textarea {
    border: 1px solid #b4b2c7;
    border-radius: 0.5rem;
    margin-top: 0.25rem;
    height: 4rem;
    width: 100%;
    /* prevents border & padding from affecting height */
    box-sizing: border-box;
    padding-left: 1.25rem;
    font-size: 1rem;
    transition: border 0.3s;
  }
  #cs-contact #cs-form input:hover,
  #cs-contact #cs-form textarea:hover {
    border: 1px solid var(--primary);
  }
  #cs-contact #cs-form textarea {
    min-height: 7.5rem;
    padding-top: 1.25rem;
    font-family: inherit;
  }
  #cs-contact #cs-form .cs-button-solid {
    border: none;
    width: 100%;
  }
  #cs-contact .cs-right-section {
    position: relative;
    display: flex;
    flex-direction: column;
    justify-content: flex-end;
    align-items: flex-start;
    border-radius: 0.5rem;
    height: 20rem;
    /* cuts off corners on img tag */
    overflow: hidden;
    /* 24px - 40px top & bottom */
    /* 20px - 40px left & right */
    padding: clamp(1.5rem, 3vw, 2.5rem) clamp(1.25rem, 3vw, 2.5rem);
  }
  #cs-contact .cs-header {
    display: block;
    margin-bottom: 0.5rem;
    /* 16px - 20px */
    font-size: clamp(1rem, 3vw, 1.25rem);
    line-height: 1.2em;
    font-weight: 700;
    color: var(--bodyTextColorWhite);
  }
  #cs-contact .cs-link {
    position: relative;
    display: block;
    margin-bottom: 1.25rem;
    text-decoration: none;
    /* 16px - 20px */
    font-size: clamp(1rem, 3vw, 1.25rem);
    line-height: 1.2em;
    color: var(--bodyTextColorWhite);
  }
  #cs-contact .cs-link:before {
    position: absolute;
    bottom: -0.125rem;
    left: 0;
    /* Animated underline */
    content: "";
    opacity: 1;
    display: block;
    /* current color of the parent */
    background: currentColor;
    height: 2px;
    width: 0%;
    transition: width 0.3s;
  }
  #cs-contact .cs-link:hover:before {
    width: 100%;
  }
  #cs-contact .cs-link:last-of-type {
    margin-bottom: 0;
  }
  #cs-contact .cs-block {
    /* sends second address line to the bottom on its own line */
    display: block;
  }
  #cs-contact .cs-bg-picture {
    z-index: -1;
    position: absolute;
    top: 0;
    left: 0;
    display: block;
    height: 100%;
    width: 100%;
    transition: transform 0.6s;
  }
  #cs-contact .cs-bg-picture img {
    position: absolute;
    top: 0;
    left: 0;
    height: 100%;
    width: 100%;
    /* Makes img tag act as a background image */
    object-fit: cover;
  }
  #cs-contact .cs-bg-picture:before {
    z-index: 1;
    position: absolute;
    top: 0;
    left: 0;
    /* background color overlay */
    content: "";
    display: block;
    background: linear-gradient(180deg, rgba(0, 0, 0, 0) 0%, rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.8) 100%);
    height: 100%;
    width: 100%;
  }
}
/* Tablet - 700px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 43.75em) {
  #cs-contact #cs-form {
    display: flex;
    flex-wrap: wrap;
    justify-content: space-between;
    align-items: flex-start;
  }
  #cs-contact #cs-form label {
    width: 48%;
  }
  #cs-contact #cs-form .cs-label-message {
    width: 100%;
  }
}
/* Small Desktop - 1024px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 64rem) {
  #cs-contact .cs-container {
    display: flex;
    justify-content: flex-end;
    align-items: flex-start;
    max-width: 80rem;
    gap: 5rem;
  }
  #cs-contact #cs-form {
    max-width: 39.375rem;
  }
  #cs-contact #cs-form label {
    width: 100%;
  }
  #cs-contact .cs-right-section {
    /* changes to 578px at 1300px wide */
    height: 42.875rem;
    max-width: 33.875rem;
    width: 40%;
    /* prevents flexbox from squishing it */
    flex: none;
  }
  #cs-contact .cs-right-section:hover .cs-bg-picture {
    transform: scale(1.1);
  }
  #cs-contact .cs-block {
    /* goes back to inline so it stays "in line" with the rest of the text */
    display: inline-block;
  }
}
/* Small Desktop - 1300px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 81.25em) {
  #cs-contact #cs-form {
    column-gap: 0rem;
  }
  #cs-contact #cs-form label {
    max-width: 19.0625rem;
    width: 48%;
  }
  #cs-contact #cs-form .cs-label-message {
    max-width: 100%;
  }
  #cs-contact .cs-right-section {
    height: 36.125rem;
  }
}
/* Dark Mode */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
  body.dark-mode #cs-contact .cs-text,
  body.dark-mode #cs-contact .cs-title {
    color: var(--bodyTextColorWhite);
  }
  body.dark-mode #cs-contact #cs-form label,
  body.dark-mode #cs-contact #cs-form input,
  body.dark-mode #cs-contact #cs-form textarea {
    background-color: transparent;
    color: var(--bodyTextColorWhite);
  }
  body.dark-mode #cs-contact #cs-form label::placeholder,
  body.dark-mode #cs-contact #cs-form input::placeholder,
  body.dark-mode #cs-contact #cs-form textarea::placeholder {
    /* lighten up the color of the text by 40%*/
    filter: brightness(1.4);
  }
  body.dark-mode #cs-contact .cs-bg-picture {
    background-color: #000;
  }
  body.dark-mode #cs-contact .cs-bg-picture img {
    /* lets parent background-color bleed through and darken it */
    opacity: 0.5;
  }
}

/*# sourceMappingURL=contact.css.map */

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\assets\css\contact.css.map`:

```````map
{"version":3,"sourceRoot":"","sources":["../sass/contact.scss"],"names":[],"mappings":"AAAA;AAEA;AAAA;AAAA;AAIA;AACA;EACI;AACI;IACA;AACA;IACA;IACA;AAEA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;;EAEA;IACI;AACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;;EAGJ;AACI;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;AACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;;EACA;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;AACI;IACA;;EAGJ;AAAA;IAEI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAEA;AAAA;IACI;;EAIR;IACI;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;;EAIR;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;AACA;AACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;AACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAEA;IACI;IACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAIA;IACI;;EAIR;IACI;;EAIR;AACI;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAEA;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;;AAMhB;AACA;EAEQ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAEA;IACI;;EAGJ;IACI;;;AAMhB;AACA;EAEQ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;;EACA;IACI;;EAIR;AACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;;EAGI;IACI;;EAKZ;AACI;IACA;;;AAKZ;AACA;EAEQ;IACI;;EACA;IACI;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;;EAIR;IACI;;;AAKZ;AACA;EAGY;AAAA;IAEI;;EAIA;AAAA;AAAA;IAGI;IACA;;EAEA;AAAA;AAAA;AACI;IACA;;EAKZ;IACI;;EAEA;AACI;IACA","file":"contact.css"}
```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\assets\css\critical.css`:

```````css
/* STYLES FOR ABOVE THE FOLD */
/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---           Hero             -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/
/* Mobile - 360px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
  #hero {
    z-index: 1;
    position: relative;
    /* prevents overflow from the lines extending past the screen width */
    overflow: hidden;
    /* changes on tablet */
    padding: 0 1rem;
    padding-bottom: 6.25rem;
    font-family: "Roboto", "Arial", sans-serif;
    /* Centers button */
    text-align: center;
  }
  #hero .cs-picture {
    z-index: -2;
    position: absolute;
    top: 0;
    left: 0;
    display: block;
    height: 100%;
    /* Background Image */
    width: 100%;
  }
  #hero .cs-picture img {
    position: absolute;
    top: 0;
    left: 0;
    height: 100%;
    width: 100%;
    /* Makes image act like a background-image */
    object-fit: cover;
  }
  #hero .cs-picture:before {
    z-index: 1;
    position: absolute;
    top: 0;
    left: 0;
    /* Black Color Overlay */
    content: "";
    opacity: 0.7;
    display: block;
    background: #000;
    height: 100%;
    width: 100%;
    /* prevents the cursor from interacting with it */
    pointer-events: none;
  }
  #hero .cs-container {
    position: relative;
    margin: auto;
    max-width: 80em;
    width: 100%;
    /* we put the padding top and bottom on the container instead of #Hero so the pseudo element lines go to the top and bottom of the section */
    /* 144px - 280px - leaving extra space for the navigation */
    /* changes on tablet */
    padding: clamp(9em, 25.95vw, 17.5em) 0;
  }
  #hero .cs-container:before {
    position: absolute;
    top: 0;
    left: 0;
    /* Left Line */
    content: "";
    opacity: 1;
    display: block;
    background: -moz-linear-gradient(top, rgba(250, 251, 252, 0.5) 0%, rgba(250, 251, 252, 0) 100%); /* FF3.6-15 */
    background: -webkit-linear-gradient(top, rgba(250, 251, 252, 0.5) 0%, rgba(250, 251, 252, 0) 100%); /* Chrome10-25,Safari5.1-6 */
    height: 100%;
    width: 1px;
  }
  #hero .cs-flex-group {
    display: flex;
    flex-wrap: wrap;
    justify-content: center;
    align-items: flex-start;
    margin: auto;
    /* 60px - 220px */
    margin-bottom: clamp(3.75em, 15.5vw, 13.75em);
    /* 464px - 562px */
    max-width: clamp(29em, 60vw, 35.125em);
    width: 80vw;
    box-sizing: border-box;
  }
  #hero .cs-topper {
    margin-bottom: 1rem;
    color: var(--primary);
    text-align: center;
  }
  #hero .cs-title {
    width: 100%;
    color: var(--bodyTextColorWhite);
    text-align: center;
  }
  #hero .cs-text {
    /* 32px - 40px */
    margin: 0 auto clamp(2rem, 4vw, 2.5rem) 0;
    /* 40px - 48px */
    margin-bottom: clamp(2.5rem, 4vw, 3rem);
    color: var(--bodyTextColorWhite);
    text-align: center;
  }
  #hero .cs-button-solid {
    margin-bottom: 1rem;
    height: initial;
    line-height: clamp(2.875em, 5.5vw, 3.5em);
  }
  #hero .cs-button-transparent {
    z-index: 1;
    position: relative;
    display: inline-flex;
    justify-content: center;
    align-items: center;
    border: 1px solid var(--bodyTextColorWhite);
    margin: 0 0.5rem;
    background-color: transparent;
    /* 46px - 56px */
    height: clamp(2.875em, 5.5vw, 3.5em);
    width: 11.25rem;
    box-sizing: border-box;
    padding: 0;
    text-decoration: none;
    font-size: 1rem;
    /* 46px - 56px */
    line-height: clamp(2.875em, 5.5vw, 3.5em);
    font-weight: 700;
    color: #fff;
  }
  #hero .cs-button-transparent .cs-img {
    display: block;
    margin-right: 0.75rem;
  }
  #hero .cs-button-transparent:before {
    z-index: -1;
    position: absolute;
    /* so it sits on top of the border */
    top: -1px;
    bottom: -1px;
    left: -1px;
    right: -1px;
    content: "";
    opacity: 1;
    /* this is what creates the grow affect on hover */
    transform: scaleX(0);
    display: block;
    background: #000;
    transition: transform 0.3s;
    transform-origin: left;
  }
  #hero .cs-button-transparent:hover:before {
    transform: scaleX(1);
  }
}
/* Tablet - 768px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 48rem) {
  #hero {
    /* 32px - 40px */
    padding: 0 clamp(2em, 5vw, 2.5em);
  }
  #hero .cs-container {
    padding: clamp(7em, 27.95vw, 17.5em) 0 clamp(9em, 30.95vw, 23.5em) 0;
  }
  #hero .cs-container:after {
    position: absolute;
    top: 0;
    right: 0;
    /* Right Line */
    content: "";
    opacity: 1;
    display: block;
    background: -moz-linear-gradient(top, rgba(250, 251, 252, 0) 0%, rgba(250, 251, 252, 0.5) 100%); /* FF3.6-15 */
    background: -webkit-linear-gradient(top, rgba(250, 251, 252, 0) 0%, rgba(250, 251, 252, 0.5) 100%); /* Chrome10-25,Safari5.1-6 */
    height: 100%;
    width: 1px;
  }
  #hero .cs-button-solid {
    margin-right: 1.25rem;
    margin-bottom: 0;
  }
}
/* Desktop Parallax Effect - 1300px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 81.25em) {
  #hero {
    background: url("/assets/images/landing.jpg");
    background-position: center;
    background-size: cover;
    background-repeat: no-repeat;
    /* creates parallax effect on background image */
    background-attachment: fixed;
  }
}
/* Dark Mode */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
  body.dark-mode #hero .cs-background:before {
    opacity: 0.8;
  }
}
/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---          Services          -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/
/* Mobile */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
  .services {
    z-index: 100;
    position: relative;
    border-top: 0.375em solid var(--primary);
    border-radius: 0.3125em;
    margin: auto;
    margin-top: -10.4375em;
    margin-bottom: 3.125em;
    background: #fff;
    max-width: 82.5em;
    width: 90%;
    padding: 3.125em 1.25em;
    box-shadow: 0px 20px 40px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.05);
  }
  .services .card {
    display: block;
    margin: auto;
    margin-bottom: 3.125em;
    max-width: 22.3125em;
    width: 100%;
  }
  .services .card picture {
    display: flex;
    justify-content: center;
    align-items: center;
    border-radius: 50%;
    margin: auto;
    margin-bottom: 1.4375em;
    background: var(--primary);
    height: 5.5em;
    width: 5.5em;
  }
  .services .card picture img {
    height: 3em;
    width: 3em;
  }
  .services .card h2 {
    margin-bottom: 0.65em;
    font-size: 2em;
    line-height: 1.35em;
    font-weight: 700;
    color: #1a1a1a;
    text-align: center;
  }
  .services .card p {
    opacity: 0.7;
    width: 100%;
    line-height: 1.3333333333em;
    text-align: center;
  }
  .services .card:last-of-type {
    margin-bottom: 0;
  }
}
/* Inbetween */
@media only screen and (min-width: 768px) {
  .services {
    display: flex;
    justify-content: space-between;
    align-items: flex-start;
    width: 98%;
    font-size: min(1.8vw, 1em);
  }
  .services .card {
    margin: 0;
    max-width: 20.3125em;
  }
}
/* Large Desktop */
@media only screen and (min-width: 1300px) {
  .services {
    padding: 3.125em 5em;
  }
  .services .card {
    max-width: 22.3125em;
  }
}
/* Dark mode */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
  body.dark-mode #services {
    background: var(--medium);
  }
  body.dark-mode #services picture {
    background: var(--primaryDark);
  }
  body.dark-mode #services h2 {
    font-weight: bold;
    color: #fff;
  }
}

/*# sourceMappingURL=critical.css.map */

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\assets\css\critical.css.map`:

```````map
{"version":3,"sourceRoot":"","sources":["../sass/critical.scss"],"names":[],"mappings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pB;AACA;EACI;AACI;IACA;;EAEA;IACI;;EACA;IACI;IACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAIR;IACI;IACA;;;AAKZ;AACA;EACI;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;;;AAIR;AACA;EAIgB;IACI;;;AAOpB;AAAA;AAAA;AAIA;AACA;EACI;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EACA;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAEA;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAEA;IACI;IACA;;EAGR;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAEJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAEJ;IACI;;;AAMhB;AACA;EACI;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAEA;IACI;IACA;;;AAKZ;AACA;EACI;IACI;;EAEA;IACI;;;AAKZ;AACA;EAEQ;IACI;;EAEA;IACI;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA","file":"critical.css"}
```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\assets\css\dark.css`:

```````css
/* DARK MODE AND TOGGLE STYLES */
/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---      Core Dark Styles      -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/
/* Mobile */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
  :root {
    --dark: #082032;
    --medium: #2c394b;
    --accent: #334756;
  }
  body.dark-mode {
    background-color: var(--dark);
  }
  body.dark-mode p,
  body.dark-mode li,
  body.dark-mode h1,
  body.dark-mode h2,
  body.dark-mode h3,
  body.dark-mode h4,
  body.dark-mode h5,
  body.dark-mode h6 {
    color: #fff;
  }
  body.dark-mode .light {
    display: none;
  }
  body.dark-mode .dark {
    display: block !important;
  }
  .dark {
    display: none;
  }
}

/*# sourceMappingURL=dark.css.map */

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\assets\css\dark.css.map`:

```````map
{"version":3,"sourceRoot":"","sources":["../sass/dark.scss"],"names":[],"mappings":"AAAA;AAEA;AAAA;AAAA;AAIA;AACA;EAEI;IACI;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;;EAEA;AAAA;AAAA;AAAA;AAAA;AAAA;AAAA;AAAA;IAQI;;EAIJ;IACI;;EAIJ;IACI;;EAIR;IACI","file":"dark.css"}
```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\assets\css\local.css`:

```````css
/* PAGE-SPECIFIC STYLES FOR THE HOME PAGE */
/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---       Side By Side         -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/
/* Mobile - 360px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
  #sbs {
    padding: var(--sectionPadding);
  }
  #sbs .cs-container {
    display: flex;
    flex-direction: column;
    justify-content: center;
    align-items: center;
    margin: auto;
    max-width: 80rem;
    width: 100%;
    row-gap: 2.5rem;
  }
  #sbs .cs-left {
    position: relative;
    height: 39.75em;
    /* using ems so we can use font size to scale the whole section */
    width: 39.4375em;
    /* scaling the font size with the view width */
    font-size: min(2.31vw, 0.7em);
  }
  #sbs .cs-picture {
    position: absolute;
    display: block;
    border-radius: 1.5em;
    /* clips img tag corners */
    overflow: hidden;
  }
  #sbs .cs-picture img {
    position: absolute;
    top: 0;
    left: 0;
    height: 100%;
    width: 100%;
    /* makes image act like a background image */
    object-fit: cover;
  }
  #sbs .cs-picture1 {
    top: 0;
    left: 0;
    height: 36.3125em;
    width: 32.625em;
  }
  #sbs .cs-picture2 {
    bottom: 0;
    right: 0;
    /* 6px - 12px */
    border: clamp(0.375em, 1.5vw, 0.75em) solid #fff;
    background-color: #fff;
    height: 25em;
    width: 25.875em;
    box-shadow: rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1) 0px 0px 40px;
  }
  #sbs .cs-right {
    margin: auto;
    max-width: 33.875rem;
  }
  #sbs .cs-topper {
    margin-bottom: 0.25rem;
    text-align: left;
  }
  #sbs .cs-title {
    max-width: 50rem;
    text-align: left;
  }
  #sbs .cs-text {
    margin-bottom: 1rem;
    max-width: 46.875rem;
    text-align: left;
  }
  #sbs .cs-text:last-of-type {
    margin-bottom: 2rem;
  }
  #sbs .cs-flex-group {
    position: relative;
    border-radius: 1rem;
    background-color: #f7f7f7;
    /* 16px - 32px */
    padding: clamp(1rem, 3vw, 2rem);
  }
  #sbs .cs-flex-p {
    margin: 0 0 1rem;
    /* 14px - 16px */
    font-size: clamp(0.875rem, 1.5vw, 1rem);
    line-height: 1.5em;
    color: #353535;
  }
  #sbs .cs-name {
    display: block;
    margin: 0 0 0.25rem;
    text-transform: uppercase;
    font-size: 1rem;
    line-height: 1.2em;
    font-weight: bold;
    color: var(--headerColor);
  }
  #sbs .cs-job {
    display: block;
    font-size: 0.875rem;
    line-height: 1.5em;
    color: #353535;
  }
  #sbs .cs-quote-icon {
    position: absolute;
    bottom: 0rem;
    /* 16px - 32px */
    right: clamp(1rem, 4vw, 2rem);
    height: auto;
    /* 60px - 136px */
    width: clamp(3.75rem, 10vw, 8.5rem);
  }
  #sbs .cs-button-solid {
    margin-top: 2rem;
  }
}
/* Desktop - 1024px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 64rem) {
  #sbs .cs-container {
    flex-flow: row;
    justify-content: space-between;
    gap: 3.25rem;
  }
  #sbs .cs-left {
    font-size: min(1.2vw, 1em);
    flex: none;
  }
  #sbs .cs-right {
    margin: 0;
  }
}
/* Dark Mode */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
  body.dark-mode #sbs .cs-left:before, body.dark-mode #sbs .cs-left:after {
    background: var(--accent);
  }
  body.dark-mode #sbs .cs-picture2 {
    /* 6px - 12px */
    border: clamp(0.375em, 1.5vw, 0.75em) solid var(--dark);
    background-color: var(--dark);
  }
  body.dark-mode #sbs .cs-topper {
    color: var(--primaryLight);
  }
  body.dark-mode #sbs .cs-title,
  body.dark-mode #sbs .cs-text,
  body.dark-mode #sbs .cs-h3,
  body.dark-mode #sbs .cs-flex-p,
  body.dark-mode #sbs .cs-name {
    color: var(--bodyTextColorWhite);
  }
  body.dark-mode #sbs .cs-flex-group {
    background-color: var(--accent);
  }
  body.dark-mode #sbs .cs-job {
    opacity: 0.8;
    color: var(--bodyTextColorWhite);
  }
  body.dark-mode #sbs .cs-quote-icon {
    opacity: 0.2;
  }
}
/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---       Side By Side         -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/
/* Mobile - 360px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
  #sbs-r {
    padding: var(--sectionPadding);
  }
  #sbs-r .cs-container {
    display: flex;
    flex-direction: column;
    justify-content: center;
    align-items: center;
    margin: auto;
    max-width: 80rem;
    width: 100%;
    row-gap: 2.5rem;
  }
  #sbs-r .cs-left {
    position: relative;
    height: 39.75em;
    /* using ems so we can use font size to scale the whole section */
    width: 39.4375em;
    /* scaling the font size with the view width */
    font-size: min(2.31vw, 0.7em);
  }
  #sbs-r .cs-picture {
    position: absolute;
    display: block;
    border-radius: 1.5em;
    /* clips img tag corners */
    overflow: hidden;
  }
  #sbs-r .cs-picture img {
    position: absolute;
    top: 0;
    left: 0;
    height: 100%;
    width: 100%;
    /* makes image act like a background image */
    object-fit: cover;
  }
  #sbs-r .cs-picture1 {
    top: 0;
    right: 0;
    height: 36.3125em;
    width: 32.625em;
  }
  #sbs-r .cs-picture2 {
    bottom: 0;
    left: 0;
    /* 6px - 12px */
    border: clamp(0.375em, 1.5vw, 0.75em) solid #fff;
    background-color: #fff;
    height: 25em;
    width: 25.875em;
    box-shadow: rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1) 0px 0px 40px;
  }
  #sbs-r .cs-right {
    margin: auto;
    max-width: 33.875rem;
  }
  #sbs-r .cs-topper {
    margin-bottom: 0.25rem;
    text-align: left;
  }
  #sbs-r .cs-title {
    max-width: 50rem;
    text-align: left;
  }
  #sbs-r .cs-text {
    margin-bottom: 1rem;
    max-width: 46.875rem;
    text-align: left;
  }
  #sbs-r .cs-text:last-of-type {
    margin-bottom: 2rem;
  }
  #sbs-r .cs-flex-group {
    position: relative;
    border-radius: 1rem;
    background-color: #f7f7f7;
    /* 16px - 32px */
    padding: clamp(1rem, 3vw, 2rem);
  }
  #sbs-r .cs-flex-p {
    margin: 0 0 1rem;
    /* 14px - 16px */
    font-size: clamp(0.875rem, 1.5vw, 1rem);
    line-height: 1.5em;
    color: #353535;
  }
  #sbs-r .cs-name {
    display: block;
    margin: 0 0 0.25rem;
    text-transform: uppercase;
    font-size: 1rem;
    line-height: 1.2em;
    font-weight: bold;
    color: var(--headerColor);
  }
  #sbs-r .cs-job {
    display: block;
    font-size: 0.875rem;
    line-height: 1.5em;
    color: #353535;
  }
  #sbs-r .cs-quote-icon {
    position: absolute;
    bottom: 0rem;
    /* 16px - 32px */
    right: clamp(1rem, 4vw, 2rem);
    height: auto;
    /* 60px - 136px */
    width: clamp(3.75rem, 10vw, 8.5rem);
  }
}
/* Desktop - 1024px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 64rem) {
  #sbs-r .cs-container {
    flex-flow: row;
    justify-content: space-between;
    gap: 3.25rem;
  }
  #sbs-r .cs-left {
    /* sends it to the right */
    order: 2;
    font-size: min(1.2vw, 1em);
    flex: none;
  }
  #sbs-r .cs-right {
    margin: 0;
  }
}
/* Dark Mode */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
  body.dark-mode #sbs-r .cs-left:before, body.dark-mode #sbs-r .cs-left:after {
    background: var(--accent);
  }
  body.dark-mode #sbs-r .cs-picture2 {
    /* 6px - 12px */
    border: clamp(0.375em, 1.5vw, 0.75em) solid var(--dark);
    background-color: var(--dark);
  }
  body.dark-mode #sbs-r .cs-topper {
    color: var(--primaryLight);
  }
  body.dark-mode #sbs-r .cs-title,
  body.dark-mode #sbs-r .cs-text,
  body.dark-mode #sbs-r .cs-h3,
  body.dark-mode #sbs-r .cs-flex-p,
  body.dark-mode #sbs-r .cs-name {
    color: var(--bodyTextColorWhite);
  }
  body.dark-mode #sbs-r .cs-flex-group {
    background-color: var(--accent);
  }
  body.dark-mode #sbs-r .cs-job {
    opacity: 0.8;
    color: var(--bodyTextColorWhite);
  }
  body.dark-mode #sbs-r .cs-quote-icon {
    opacity: 0.2;
  }
}
/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---          Gallery           -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/
/* Mobile - 360px - Contains hover animation */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
  #gallery {
    position: relative;
    /* Prevents overflow from the image going off screen */
    overflow: hidden;
    padding: var(--sectionPadding);
    /* Centers button */
    text-align: center;
  }
  #gallery .cs-container {
    margin: auto;
    max-width: 82.625em;
    width: 100%;
  }
  #gallery .cs-topper {
    margin-bottom: 1rem;
    text-align: center;
  }
  #gallery .cs-title {
    margin-bottom: 2.5rem;
    max-width: 38.8125rem;
    text-align: center;
  }
  #gallery .cs-image-group {
    display: flex;
    justify-content: center;
    align-items: flex-start;
    margin: 0 auto 3.75rem;
    max-width: 82.625em;
    width: 100%;
    padding: 0;
    /* used rem so it doesn't scale with the font size of on parent */
    font-size: min(1.1vw, 1em);
    gap: 1.875em;
  }
  #gallery .cs-row {
    display: flex;
    flex-direction: column;
    justify-content: flex-start;
    align-items: center;
    gap: 1.875em;
  }
  #gallery .cs-picture {
    position: relative;
    display: block;
  }
  #gallery .cs-picture img {
    position: absolute;
    top: 0;
    left: 0;
    height: 100%;
    width: 100%;
    object-fit: cover;
  }
  #gallery .cs-row-1 .cs-picture1 {
    height: 35.4375em;
    width: 26.25em;
  }
  #gallery .cs-row-1 .cs-picture2 {
    height: 39.3125em;
    width: 26.25em;
  }
  #gallery .cs-row-1 .cs-picture3 {
    height: 32em;
    width: 26.25em;
  }
  #gallery .cs-row-2 .cs-picture1 {
    height: 30.75em;
    width: 26.25em;
  }
  #gallery .cs-row-2 .cs-picture2 {
    height: 32.3125em;
    width: 26.25em;
  }
  #gallery .cs-row-2 .cs-picture3 {
    height: 39.3125em;
    width: 26.25em;
  }
  #gallery .cs-row-3 .cs-picture1 {
    height: 39.0625em;
    width: 26.25em;
  }
  #gallery .cs-row-3 .cs-picture2 {
    height: 28.25em;
    width: 26.25em;
  }
  #gallery .cs-row-3 .cs-picture3 {
    height: 39.3125em;
    width: 26.25em;
  }
}
/* Dark mode */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
  body.dark-mode #gallery .cs-title {
    color: var(--bodyTextColorWhite);
  }
}
/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---          Reviews           -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/
/* Mobile - 360px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
  #reviews {
    padding: var(--sectionPadding);
    /* Centers the button */
    text-align: center;
  }
  #reviews .cs-container {
    margin: auto;
    max-width: 69rem;
    width: 100%;
  }
  #reviews .cs-topper {
    margin-bottom: 1rem;
    text-align: center;
  }
  #reviews .cs-title {
    max-width: 43.75rem;
    text-align: center;
  }
  #reviews .cs-text {
    /* 88px - 104px */
    margin-bottom: clamp(5.5em, 10.2vw, 6.5em);
    max-width: 40.625rem;
    text-align: center;
  }
  #reviews .cs-card-group {
    /* 48px - 64px */
    margin: 0 auto clamp(3rem, 5vw, 4rem);
    padding: 0;
  }
  #reviews .cs-item {
    position: relative;
    display: flex;
    flex-wrap: wrap;
    justify-content: space-between;
    align-items: center;
    border-radius: 0.25rem;
    margin: 0 auto 4rem;
    background: #fff;
    max-width: 33.875rem;
    width: 100%;
    /* Prevents padding from affecting height & width */
    box-sizing: border-box;
    /* Padding L & R - 16px - 32px */
    padding: 3.75rem clamp(1rem, 3.2vw, 2rem) 0;
    /* 32px - 40px */
    padding-bottom: clamp(2rem, 5.4vw, 2.5rem);
    list-style: none;
    text-align: left;
    box-shadow: 0px 20px 39px 0px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.05);
  }
  #reviews .cs-item:last-of-type {
    margin-bottom: 0;
  }
  #reviews .cs-item-img {
    position: absolute;
    top: -2.5rem;
    height: 5rem;
    width: 5rem;
  }
  #reviews .cs-item-p {
    border-bottom: 1px solid #e8e9ec;
    margin: 0 0 1.25rem;
    padding-bottom: 1.25rem;
    font-size: 1rem;
    line-height: 1.5em;
    color: var(--bodyTextColor);
  }
  #reviews .cs-reviewer {
    display: block;
    margin: 0 auto 0 0;
    width: 40%;
    font-size: 1rem;
    line-height: 1.5em;
    font-weight: 700;
    color: var(--headerColor);
  }
  #reviews .cs-desc {
    display: block;
    font-size: 0.875rem;
    font-weight: 400;
    color: var(#353535);
  }
  #reviews .cs-item-stars {
    height: 1rem;
    width: 6rem;
  }
}
/* Tablet - 768px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 48rem) {
  #reviews .cs-card-group {
    display: flex;
    justify-content: space-between;
    align-items: center;
    gap: 1rem;
  }
  #reviews .cs-item {
    /* reset margin so it won't interfere with flexbox */
    margin: 0;
  }
}
/* Dark Mode */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
  body.dark-mode #reviews .cs-title,
  body.dark-mode #reviews .cs-text,
  body.dark-mode #reviews .cs-item-p,
  body.dark-mode #reviews .cs-reviewer {
    color: var(--bodyTextColorWhite);
  }
  body.dark-mode #reviews .cs-item {
    background: var(--medium);
  }
  body.dark-mode #reviews .cs-desc {
    color: var(--primaryLight);
  }
}

/*# sourceMappingURL=local.css.map */

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\assets\css\local.css.map`:

```````map
{"version":3,"sourceRoot":"","sources":["../sass/local.scss"],"names":[],"mappings":"AAAA;AAEA;AAAA;AAAA;AAIA;AACA;EACI;IACI;;EAEA;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;AACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;;EACA;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;;EAIR;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;AACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;;EAEA;IACI;;EAIR;IACI;IACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;AACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;AACA;IACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;;;AAKZ;AACA;EAEQ;IACI;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;;;AAKZ;AACA;EAIgB;IAEI;;EAIR;AACI;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;;EAGJ;AAAA;AAAA;AAAA;AAAA;IAKI;;EAGJ;IACI;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;;;AAMh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gB;IAEI;;EAIR;AACI;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;;EAGJ;AAAA;AAAA;AAAA;AAAA;IAKI;;EAGJ;IACI;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;;;AAMhB;AAAA;AAAA;AAIA;AACA;EACI;IACI;AACA;IACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;;EACA;IACI;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;;EACA;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAKJ;IACI;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;;EAKJ;IACI;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;;EAKJ;IACI;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;;;AAMhB;AACA;EAGY;IACI;;;AAMhB;AAAA;AAAA;AAIA;AACA;EACI;IACI;AACA;IACA;;EAEA;IACI;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;;EAGJ;AACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;AACI;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAEA;IACI;;EAIR;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;;;AAKZ;AACA;EAEQ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;AACI;IACA;;;AAKZ;AACA;EAGY;AAAA;AAAA;AAAA;IAII;;EAGJ;IACI;;EAGJ;IACI","file":"local.css"}
```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\assets\css\projects.css`:

```````css
/* PAGE-SPECIFIC STYLES FOR THE PROJECTS PAGE */
/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---          Gallery           -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/
/* Mobile - 360px - Contains hover animation */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
  #gallery {
    position: relative;
    /* Prevents overflow from the image going off screen */
    overflow: hidden;
    padding: var(--sectionPadding);
    /* Centers button */
    text-align: center;
  }
  #gallery .cs-container {
    margin: auto;
    max-width: 82.625em;
    width: 100%;
  }
  #gallery .cs-image-group {
    display: flex;
    justify-content: center;
    align-items: flex-start;
    margin: 0 auto 3.75rem;
    max-width: 82.625em;
    width: 100%;
    padding: 0;
    /* used rem so it doesn't scale with the font size of on parent */
    font-size: min(1.1vw, 1em);
    gap: 1.875em;
  }
  #gallery .cs-row {
    display: flex;
    flex-direction: column;
    justify-content: flex-start;
    align-items: center;
    gap: 1.875em;
  }
  #gallery .cs-picture {
    position: relative;
    display: block;
  }
  #gallery .cs-picture img {
    position: absolute;
    top: 0;
    left: 0;
    height: 100%;
    width: 100%;
    object-fit: cover;
  }
  #gallery .cs-row-1 .cs-picture1 {
    height: 35.4375em;
    width: 26.25em;
  }
  #gallery .cs-row-1 .cs-picture2 {
    height: 39.3125em;
    width: 26.25em;
  }
  #gallery .cs-row-1 .cs-picture3 {
    height: 32em;
    width: 26.25em;
  }
  #gallery .cs-row-2 .cs-picture1 {
    height: 30.75em;
    width: 26.25em;
  }
  #gallery .cs-row-2 .cs-picture2 {
    height: 32.3125em;
    width: 26.25em;
  }
  #gallery .cs-row-2 .cs-picture3 {
    height: 39.3125em;
    width: 26.25em;
  }
  #gallery .cs-row-3 .cs-picture1 {
    height: 39.0625em;
    width: 26.25em;
  }
  #gallery .cs-row-3 .cs-picture2 {
    height: 28.25em;
    width: 26.25em;
  }
  #gallery .cs-row-3 .cs-picture3 {
    height: 39.3125em;
    width: 26.25em;
  }
}

/*# sourceMappingURL=projects.css.map */

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\assets\css\projects.css.map`:

```````map
{"version":3,"sourceRoot":"","sources":["../sass/projects.scss"],"names":[],"mappings":"AAAA;AAEA;AAAA;AAAA;AAIA;AACA;EACI;IACI;AACA;IACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;;EACA;IACI;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;;EACA;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAKJ;IACI;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;;EAKJ;IACI;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;;EAKJ;IACI;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA","file":"projects.css"}
```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\assets\css\reviews.css`:

```````css
/* PAGE-SPECIFIC STYLES FOR THE REVIEWS PAGE */
/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---           Reviews          -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/
/* Mobile */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
  #reviews {
    margin: auto;
    padding-top: 7.5rem;
    padding-bottom: 3.125rem;
  }
  #reviews .container {
    max-width: 82.5rem;
    width: 96%;
  }
  #reviews .review {
    position: relative;
    display: flex;
    flex-direction: column;
    border-radius: 0.3125rem;
    margin: auto;
    margin-bottom: 6.25rem;
    background: #fff;
    max-width: 25.625rem;
    width: 100%;
    padding: 4rem 1.875rem 1.125rem 1.875rem;
    box-shadow: 0px 20px 40px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.05);
  }
  #reviews .review .profile {
    position: absolute;
    top: -3.1875rem;
    left: 1.875rem;
    display: block;
    border-radius: 50%;
    margin-bottom: 1rem;
    margin-left: 0;
    height: 6.1875rem;
    width: 6.1875rem;
  }
  #reviews .review p {
    margin-bottom: 1.75rem;
    line-height: 1.5em;
    text-align: left;
  }
  #reviews .review .star-group {
    display: flex;
    flex-wrap: nowrap;
    justify-content: space-between;
    align-items: center;
    border-top: 1px solid #e7e7e7;
    margin-top: auto;
    padding-top: 1rem;
  }
  #reviews .review .star-group .name {
    display: block;
    line-height: 1.5rem;
    font-weight: bold;
    color: #1a1a1a;
    text-align: left;
  }
  #reviews .review .star-group .desc {
    display: block;
    font-weight: 400;
    color: #575757;
  }
  #reviews .review .star-group img {
    display: block;
    margin: 0;
    height: 0.9375rem;
    width: 5.6875rem;
  }
  #reviews .review:last-of-type {
    margin-bottom: 0;
  }
}
/* Tablet */
@media only screen and (min-width: 48rem) {
  #reviews {
    padding-top: 9.375rem;
    padding-bottom: 3.125rem;
  }
  #reviews .container {
    display: flex;
    flex-wrap: wrap;
    justify-content: center;
    padding: 0;
    font-size: min(1.4vw, 1em);
    column-gap: 1.875rem;
  }
  #reviews .review {
    margin: 0;
    margin-bottom: 9.375rem;
  }
  #reviews .review:last-of-type {
    margin-bottom: 9.375rem;
  }
}
/* Dark Mode */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
  body.dark-mode #reviews .review {
    background: var(--medium);
  }
  body.dark-mode #reviews .review .name {
    color: #fff;
  }
  body.dark-mode #reviews .review .desc {
    opacity: 0.7;
    color: #fff;
  }
}

/*# sourceMappingURL=reviews.css.map */

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\assets\css\reviews.css.map`:

```````map
{"version":3,"sourceRoot":"","sources":["../sass/reviews.scss"],"names":[],"mappings":"AAAA;AAEA;AAAA;AAAA;AAIA;AACA;EACI;IACI;IACA;IACA;;EAEA;IACI;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAEA;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAEA;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGR;IACI;;;AAMhB;AACA;EACI;IACI;IACA;;EAEA;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;;EAEA;IACI;;;AAMhB;AACA;EAGY;IACI;;EAEA;IACI;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA","file":"reviews.css"}
```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\assets\css\root.css`:

```````css
/* CODESTITCH STYLES, RESET, HEADER/NAVIGATION AND FOOTER */
/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---        Core Styles         -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/
/* CodeStitch Root and Helpers */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
  :root {
    --primary: #ffba19;
    --primaryLight: #ffd675;
    --secondary: #001f3f;
    --secondaryLight: #001f3f;
    --headerColor: #1a1a1a;
    --bodyTextColor: #4e4b66;
    --bodyTextColorWhite: #fafbfc;
    /* 13px - 16px */
    --topperFontSize: clamp(0.8125rem, 1.6vw, 1rem);
    /* 31px - 49px */
    --headerFontSize: clamp(1.9375rem, 3.9vw, 3.0625rem);
    --bodyFontSize: 1rem;
    /* 60px - 100px top and bottom */
    --sectionPadding: clamp(3.75rem, 7.82vw, 6.25rem) 1rem;
  }
  .cs-topper {
    display: block;
    margin-bottom: 0.25rem;
    text-transform: uppercase;
    letter-spacing: 0.1em;
    font-size: var(--topperFontSize);
    line-height: 1.2em;
    font-weight: 700;
    color: var(--primary);
    text-align: inherit;
  }
  .cs-title {
    position: relative;
    margin: 0 0 1rem 0;
    max-width: 43.75rem;
    font-size: var(--headerFontSize);
    line-height: 1.2em;
    font-weight: 900;
    color: var(--headerColor);
    text-align: inherit;
  }
  .cs-text {
    margin: 0;
    max-width: 40.625rem;
    width: 100%;
    font-size: var(--bodyFontSize);
    line-height: 1.5em;
    color: var(--bodyTextColor);
    text-align: inherit;
  }
  .cs-button-solid {
    z-index: 1;
    position: relative;
    display: inline-block;
    background-color: var(--primary);
    width: auto;
    padding: 0 1.875rem;
    text-decoration: none;
    text-transform: uppercase;
    font-size: 1rem;
    line-height: 3.125em;
    font-weight: bold;
    color: #000;
    transition: color 0.3s;
    transition-delay: 0.1s;
    text-align: center;
  }
  .cs-button-solid:hover {
    color: #fff;
  }
  .cs-button-solid:hover:before {
    width: 100%;
  }
  .cs-button-solid:before {
    z-index: -1;
    position: absolute;
    top: 0;
    left: 0;
    content: "";
    opacity: 1;
    display: block;
    background-color: #000;
    height: 100%;
    width: 0;
    transition: width 0.3s;
  }
  .cs-hide-on-mobile {
    display: none;
  }
}
/* Desktop - 1024px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 64rem) {
  .cs-hide-on-mobile {
    display: block;
  }
  .cs-hide-on-desktop {
    display: none;
  }
}
/* Fonts and general styles */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
  body,
  html {
    margin: 0;
    overflow-x: hidden;
    padding: 0;
    font-family: "Roboto", Arial, sans-serif;
    font-size: 100%;
    color: var(--bodyTextColor);
  }
  *,
  *:before,
  *:after {
    margin: 0;
    box-sizing: border-box;
    padding: 0;
  }
  body {
    transition: background-color 0.3s;
  }
  .container {
    position: relative;
    margin: auto;
    width: 92%;
  }
  h1,
  h2,
  h3,
  h4,
  h5,
  h6 {
    margin: 0;
    color: var(--headerColor);
  }
  p,
  li,
  a {
    margin: 0;
    font-size: 1rem;
    line-height: 1.5em;
  }
  p,
  li {
    color: #353535;
  }
  a:hover,
  button:hover {
    cursor: pointer;
  }
  .skip {
    z-index: -1111111;
    position: absolute;
    top: 0;
    left: 0;
    opacity: 0;
  }
  /* roboto-regular - latin */
  @font-face {
    font-style: normal;
    font-family: "Roboto";
    font-weight: 400;
    font-display: swap;
    src: local(""), url("/assets/fonts/roboto-v29-latin-regular.woff2") format("woff2"), url("/assets/fonts/roboto-v29-latin-regular.woff") format("woff"); /* Chrome 6+, Firefox 3.6+, IE 9+, Safari 5.1+ */
  }
  /* roboto-700 - latin */
  @font-face {
    font-style: normal;
    font-family: "Roboto";
    font-weight: 700;
    font-display: swap;
    src: local(""), url("/assets/fonts/roboto-v29-latin-700.woff2") format("woff2"), url("/assets/fonts/roboto-v29-latin-700.woff") format("woff"); /* Chrome 6+, Firefox 3.6+, IE 9+, Safari 5.1+ */
  }
  /* roboto-900 - latin */
  @font-face {
    font-style: normal;
    font-family: "Roboto";
    font-weight: 900;
    font-display: swap;
    src: local(""), url("/assets/fonts/roboto-v29-latin-900.woff2") format("woff2"), url("/assets/fonts/roboto-v29-latin-900.woff") format("woff"); /* Chrome 6+, Firefox 3.6+, IE 9+, Safari 5.1+ */
  }
}
/* Reset Margins */
@media only screen and (min-width: 1024px) {
  body,
  html {
    margin: 0;
    padding: 0;
  }
}
/* Scale full website with the viewport width */
@media only screen and (min-width: 3000px) {
  body,
  html {
    font-size: 0.55vw;
  }
}
/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---      Dark Mode Toggle      -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/
/* Mobile - 360px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
  body.dark-mode #dark-mode-toggle .cs-sun {
    opacity: 1;
    transform: translate(-50%, -50%);
  }
  body.dark-mode #dark-mode-toggle .cs-moon {
    opacity: 0;
    transform: translate(-50%, -150%);
    fill: #fff;
  }
  #dark-mode-toggle {
    z-index: 1000;
    position: absolute;
    top: 0.625rem;
    right: 4.375rem;
    display: block;
    border: none;
    background: transparent;
    height: 3rem;
    width: 3rem;
    overflow: hidden;
    padding: 0;
  }
  #dark-mode-toggle img,
  #dark-mode-toggle svg {
    position: absolute;
    top: 50%;
    left: 50%;
    transform: translate(-50%, -50%);
    height: 1.25rem;
    width: 1.25rem;
    pointer-events: none;
  }
  #dark-mode-toggle .cs-moon {
    z-index: 2;
    transition: transform 0.3s, opacity 0.3s;
  }
  #dark-mode-toggle .cs-sun {
    z-index: 1;
    opacity: 0;
    transform: translate(-50%, 100%);
    transition: transform 0.3s, opacity 0.3s;
  }
}
/* Desktop - 1024px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 64rem) {
  #dark-mode-toggle {
    position: relative;
    top: auto;
    right: auto;
    transform: none;
    margin: 0;
  }
  #dark-mode-toggle:hover {
    cursor: pointer;
  }
}
/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---     Mobile Navigation      -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/
/* Mobile - 1023px */
@media only screen and (max-width: 63.9375rem) {
  body.cs-open {
    overflow: hidden;
  }
  #cs-navigation {
    z-index: 10000;
    position: fixed;
    background-color: #fff;
    width: 100%;
    /* prevents padding from affecting height and width */
    box-sizing: border-box;
    padding: 0.75rem 1rem;
    /* remove the font family so the Stitch inherits the fonts from your global stylesheet */
    font-family: "Roboto", "Arial", sans-serif;
    box-shadow: rgba(149, 157, 165, 0.2) 0px 8px 24px;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-container {
    display: flex;
    justify-content: flex-end;
    align-items: center;
    width: 100%;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-logo {
    z-index: 10;
    display: flex;
    justify-content: center;
    align-items: center;
    margin: 0 auto 0 0;
    height: 100%;
    max-width: 9.125rem;
    width: 40%;
    /* prevents padding from affecting height and width */
    box-sizing: border-box;
    padding: 0;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-logo img {
    height: 100%;
    width: 100%;
    /* ensures the image never overflows the container. It stays contained within it's width and height and expands to fill it then stops once it reaches an edge */
    object-fit: contain;
    /* places the image to the left edge of the parent */
    object-position: left;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-toggle {
    display: flex;
    justify-content: center;
    align-items: center;
    border: none;
    border-radius: 0.25rem;
    margin: 0 0 0 auto;
    background-color: transparent;
    height: clamp(2.75rem, 6vw, 3rem);
    /* 44px - 48px */
    width: clamp(2.75rem, 6vw, 3rem);
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-active .cs-line1 {
    top: 50%;
    transform: translate(-50%, -50%) rotate(225deg);
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-active .cs-line2 {
    top: 50%;
    transform: translate(-50%, -50%) translateY(0) rotate(-225deg);
    transform-origin: center;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-active .cs-line3 {
    bottom: 100%;
    opacity: 0;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-box {
    position: relative;
    /* 14px - 16px */
    height: clamp(0.875rem, 1.5vw, 1rem);
    /* 24px - 28px */
    width: clamp(1.5rem, 2vw, 1.75rem);
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-line {
    position: absolute;
    left: 50%;
    transform: translateX(-50%);
    border-radius: 2px;
    background-color: #1a1a1a;
    height: 2px;
    width: 100%;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-line1 {
    top: 0;
    transition: transform 0.5s, top 0.3s, left 0.3s;
    animation-duration: 0.7s;
    animation-timing-function: ease;
    animation-direction: normal;
    animation-fill-mode: forwards;
    transform-origin: center;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-line2 {
    top: 50%;
    transform: translateX(-50%) translateY(-50%);
    transition: top 0.3s, left 0.3s, transform 0.5s;
    animation-duration: 0.7s;
    animation-timing-function: ease;
    animation-direction: normal;
    animation-fill-mode: forwards;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-line3 {
    bottom: 0;
    transition: bottom 0.3s, opacity 0.3s;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-ul-wrapper {
    z-index: -1;
    position: absolute;
    top: 100%;
    left: auto;
    right: 0;
    opacity: 0;
    visibility: hidden;
    transform: scaleX(0);
    background-color: #fff;
    height: 100vh;
    overflow: hidden;
    transition: transform 0.4s, opacity 0.3s;
    box-shadow: inset rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2) 0px 8px 24px;
    transform-origin: top right;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-ul {
    display: flex;
    flex-direction: column;
    justify-content: flex-start;
    align-items: flex-end;
    margin: 0;
    height: 65vh;
    min-width: 40%;
    width: auto;
    overflow: scroll;
    /* 28px - 40px */
    padding: 3rem clamp(1.75rem, 3vw, 2.5rem) 2rem 4.375rem;
    gap: 1.25rem;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-li {
    opacity: 0;
    /* transition from these values */
    transform: translateX(-2.5rem);
    margin-right: 0;
    width: 100%;
    list-style: none;
    transition: transform 0.6s, opacity 0.9s;
    text-align: right;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-li:nth-of-type(1) {
    transition-delay: 0.05s;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-li:nth-of-type(2) {
    transition-delay: 0.1s;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-li:nth-of-type(3) {
    transition-delay: 0.15s;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-li:nth-of-type(4) {
    transition-delay: 0.2s;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-li:nth-of-type(5) {
    transition-delay: 0.25s;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-li:nth-of-type(6) {
    transition-delay: 0.3s;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-li:nth-of-type(7) {
    transition-delay: 0.35s;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-li:nth-of-type(8) {
    transition-delay: 0.4s;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-li:nth-of-type(9) {
    transition-delay: 0.45s;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-li-link {
    position: relative;
    display: inline-block;
    margin: 0;
    text-decoration: none;
    /* 16px - 24px */
    font-size: clamp(1rem, 2.5vw, 1.5rem);
    line-height: 1.2em;
    color: var(--headerColor);
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-li-link:before {
    position: absolute;
    bottom: -0.125rem;
    left: 0;
    /* active state underline */
    content: "";
    opacity: 1;
    display: none;
    background: currentColor;
    height: 1px;
    width: 100%;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-li-link.cs-active:before {
    display: block;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-button-solid {
    display: none;
  }
  #cs-navigation:before {
    z-index: -11;
    position: absolute;
    top: 100%;
    right: 0;
    /* black blurred overlay */
    content: "";
    opacity: 0;
    display: block;
    background: rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.6);
    height: 100vh;
    width: 0%;
    transition: width 0.5s, opacity 0.3s;
    -webkit-backdrop-filter: blur(10px);
    backdrop-filter: blur(10px);
  }
  #cs-navigation.cs-active .cs-ul-wrapper {
    opacity: 1;
    visibility: visible;
    transform: scaleX(1);
    transition-delay: 0.2s;
  }
  #cs-navigation.cs-active .cs-li {
    opacity: 1;
    transform: translateX(0);
  }
  #cs-navigation.cs-active:before {
    opacity: 1;
    width: 100%;
  }
}
/* Dark Mode */
@media only screen and (max-width: 63.9375rem) {
  body.dark-mode #cs-navigation {
    background-color: var(--dark);
  }
  body.dark-mode #cs-navigation .cs-logo {
    /* makes it white */
    filter: grayscale(1) brightness(1000%);
  }
  body.dark-mode #cs-navigation .cs-line {
    background-color: #fff;
  }
  body.dark-mode #cs-navigation .cs-ul-wrapper {
    background-color: var(--medium);
  }
  body.dark-mode #cs-navigation .cs-li-link {
    color: var(--bodyTextColorWhite);
  }
}
/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---     Navigation Dropdown    -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/
/* Mobile - 1023px */
@media only screen and (max-width: 63.9375rem) {
  #cs-navigation .cs-dropdown {
    position: relative;
    color: var(--bodyTextColorWhite);
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-dropdown .cs-li-link {
    position: relative;
    transition: opacity 0.3s;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-dropdown.cs-active .cs-drop-ul {
    visibility: visible;
    opacity: 1;
    transform: scale(1);
    margin: 0.75rem 0 0 0;
    height: auto;
    padding: 1.5rem;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-dropdown.cs-active .cs-drop-link {
    opacity: 1;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-dropdown-button {
    border: none;
    background-color: transparent;
    font-family: inherit;
    font-size: clamp(1rem, 2.5vw, 1.5rem);
    cursor: pointer;
    appearance: none;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-drop-icon {
    position: absolute;
    top: 50%;
    right: -1.25rem;
    transform: translateY(-50%);
    height: auto;
    width: 0.9375rem;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-drop-ul {
    visibility: hidden;
    opacity: 0;
    transform: scale(0);
    display: flex;
    flex-direction: column;
    justify-content: flex-start;
    align-items: flex-end;
    margin: 0;
    background-color: var(--primary);
    height: 0;
    width: 100%;
    box-sizing: border-box;
    overflow: hidden;
    padding: 0 1.5rem 0 1.5rem;
    transition: padding 0.3s, margin 0.3s, height 0.3s, opacity 0.3s, transform 0.3s, visibility 0.3s;
    gap: 0.75rem;
    transform-origin: top right;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-drop-li {
    list-style: none;
    text-align: inherit;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-li-link.cs-drop-link {
    /* 14px - 16px */
    font-size: clamp(0.875rem, 2vw, 1.25rem);
    color: #fff;
  }
}
/* Desktop - 1024px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 64rem) {
  #cs-navigation .cs-dropdown {
    position: relative;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-dropdown.cs-active, #cs-navigation .cs-dropdown:hover {
    cursor: pointer;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-dropdown.cs-active .cs-drop-ul, #cs-navigation .cs-dropdown:hover .cs-drop-ul {
    visibility: visible;
    opacity: 1;
    transform: scaleY(1);
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-dropdown.cs-active .cs-drop-li, #cs-navigation .cs-dropdown:hover .cs-drop-li {
    opacity: 1;
    transform: translateY(0);
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-dropdown-button {
    border: none;
    background-color: transparent;
    font-family: inherit;
    font-size: inherit;
    cursor: pointer;
    appearance: none;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-drop-icon {
    display: inline-block;
    height: auto;
    width: 0.9375rem;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-drop-ul {
    z-index: -100;
    /* if you have 8 or more links in your dropdown nav, uncomment the columns property to make the list into 2 even columns. Change it to 3 or 4 if you need extra columns. Then remove the transition delays on the cs-drop-li so they don't have weird scattered animations */
    position: absolute;
    top: 100%;
    visibility: hidden;
    opacity: 0;
    transform: scaleY(0);
    border-bottom: 5px solid var(--primary);
    margin: 0;
    background-color: #fff;
    min-width: 12.5rem;
    overflow: hidden;
    padding: 0;
    transition: transform 0.3s, visibility 0.3s, opacity 0.3s;
    box-shadow: rgba(149, 157, 165, 0.2) 0px 10px 16px;
    transform-origin: top;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-drop-li {
    opacity: 0;
    transform: translateY(-0.625rem);
    display: block;
    height: auto;
    width: 100%;
    list-style: none;
    text-decoration: none;
    font-size: 1rem;
    color: var(--bodyTextColor);
    transition: opacity 0.6s, transform 0.6s;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-drop-li:nth-of-type(1) {
    transition-delay: 0.05s;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-drop-li:nth-of-type(2) {
    transition-delay: 0.1s;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-drop-li:nth-of-type(3) {
    transition-delay: 0.15s;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-drop-li:nth-of-type(4) {
    transition-delay: 0.2s;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-drop-li:nth-of-type(5) {
    transition-delay: 0.25s;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-drop-li:nth-of-type(6) {
    transition-delay: 0.3s;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-drop-li:nth-of-type(7) {
    transition-delay: 0.35s;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-drop-li:nth-of-type(8) {
    transition-delay: 0.4s;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-drop-li:nth-of-type(9) {
    transition-delay: 0.45s;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-drop-li:nth-of-type(10) {
    transition-delay: 0.5s;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-drop-li:nth-of-type(11) {
    transition-delay: 0.55s;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-drop-li:nth-of-type(12) {
    transition-delay: 0.6s;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-drop-li:nth-of-type(13) {
    transition-delay: 0.65s;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-li-link.cs-drop-link {
    display: block;
    width: 100%;
    /* prevents padding from affecting height and width */
    box-sizing: border-box;
    padding: 0.75rem;
    white-space: nowrap;
    text-decoration: none;
    font-size: 1rem;
    line-height: 1.5em;
    color: var(--bodyTextColor);
    transition: color 0.3s, background-color 0.3s;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-li-link.cs-drop-link:hover {
    background-color: #f7f7f7;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-li-link.cs-drop-link:focus-visible {
    outline: 2px solid currentColor;
    outline-offset: -4px;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-li-link.cs-drop-link:before {
    display: none;
  }
}
/* Dark Mode */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
  body.dark-mode #cs-navigation .cs-drop-ul {
    background-color: var(--dark);
  }
  body.dark-mode #cs-navigation .cs-li-link.cs-drop-link:hover {
    background-color: var(--medium);
  }
  body.dark-mode #cs-navigation .cs-drop-icon {
    /* turns it white */
    filter: grayscale(1) brightness(1000%);
  }
}
/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---     Desktop Navigation     -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/
/* Small Desktop - 1024px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 64rem) {
  #cs-navigation {
    z-index: 10000;
    position: fixed;
    background-color: #fff;
    width: 100%;
    /* prevents padding from affecting height and width */
    box-sizing: border-box;
    padding: 0 1rem;
    /* remove the font family so the Stitch inherits the fonts from your global stylesheet */
    font-family: "Roboto", "Arial", sans-serif;
    box-shadow: rgba(149, 157, 165, 0.2) 0px 8px 24px;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-container {
    display: flex;
    justify-content: flex-end;
    align-items: center;
    margin: auto;
    max-width: 80rem;
    width: 100%;
    gap: 1.5rem;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-toggle {
    display: none;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-logo {
    z-index: 100;
    display: flex;
    justify-content: center;
    align-items: center;
    /* margin-right auto pushes everything away from it to the right */
    margin: 0 auto 0 0;
    height: 4.0625rem;
    max-width: 21.875rem;
    width: 18.4%;
    padding: 0;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-logo img {
    height: 100%;
    width: 100%;
    /* ensures the image never overflows the container. It stays contained within it's width and height and expands to fill it then stops once it reaches an edge */
    object-fit: contain;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-ul {
    display: flex;
    justify-content: flex-start;
    align-items: center;
    margin: 0;
    width: 100%;
    padding: 0;
    /* 20px - 36px */
    gap: clamp(1.25rem, 2.6vw, 2.25rem);
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-li {
    padding: 2rem 0;
    list-style: none;
    /* prevent flexbox from squishing it */
    flex: none;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-li-link {
    position: relative;
    display: block;
    margin: 0;
    text-decoration: none;
    /* 14px - 16px */
    font-size: clamp(0.875rem, 1vw, 1rem);
    line-height: 1.5em;
    color: var(--bodyTextColor);
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-li-link:hover:before {
    width: 100%;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-li-link:before {
    position: absolute;
    bottom: 0rem;
    left: 0;
    /* active state underline */
    content: "";
    opacity: 1;
    display: block;
    background: var(--primary);
    height: 2px;
    width: 0%;
    transition: width 0.3s;
  }
  #cs-navigation .cs-li-link.cs-active:before {
    width: 100%;
  }
}
/* Dark Mode */
@media only screen and (min-width: 64rem) {
  body.dark-mode #cs-navigation {
    background-color: var(--dark);
  }
  body.dark-mode #cs-navigation .cs-logo {
    /* makes it turn white */
    filter: grayscale(1) brightness(1000%);
  }
  body.dark-mode #cs-navigation .cs-li-link {
    color: var(--bodyTextColorWhite);
  }
  body.dark-mode #cs-navigation .cs-li-link:before {
    background-color: var(--primaryLight);
  }
}
/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---   Interior Page Header     -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/
/* Mobile */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
  #int-hero {
    z-index: 1;
    position: relative;
    display: flex;
    flex-direction: column;
    justify-content: center;
    align-items: center;
    min-height: 30vh;
    padding-top: 3.125rem;
  }
  #int-hero picture {
    z-index: -2;
    position: absolute;
    top: 0;
    left: 0;
    height: 100%;
    width: 100%;
  }
  #int-hero picture img {
    position: absolute;
    top: 0;
    left: 0;
    height: 100%;
    width: 100%;
    object-fit: cover;
  }
  #int-hero h1 {
    position: relative;
    margin: 0 auto;
    margin-top: 4.375rem;
    margin-bottom: 1.875rem;
    max-width: 31.25rem;
    width: 96%;
    font-size: 2.1333333333rem;
    color: #fff;
    text-align: center;
  }
  #int-hero p {
    display: block;
    margin: auto;
    margin-bottom: 1.875rem;
    max-width: 25rem;
    width: 96%;
    color: #fff;
    text-align: center;
  }
  #int-hero:before {
    z-index: -1;
    position: absolute;
    top: 0;
    left: 0;
    content: "";
    opacity: 0.7;
    display: block;
    background: #000;
    height: 100%;
    width: 100%;
  }
}
/* Tablet */
@media only screen and (min-width: 48rem) {
  #int-hero {
    font-size: 100%;
  }
  #int-hero h1 {
    font-size: 4rem;
  }
}
/* Small Desktop */
@media only screen and (min-width: 64rem) {
  #int-hero {
    background-attachment: fixed;
    min-height: 18.75rem;
    height: auto;
    padding-top: 11.25rem;
    font-size: inherit;
    padding-block-end: 6.25rem;
  }
}
/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---    Final Call To Action    -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/
/* Mobile */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
  #cta {
    position: relative;
    padding: 3.125rem 0;
  }
  #cta .container {
    text-align: center;
  }
  #cta picture {
    z-index: -2;
    position: absolute;
    top: 0;
    left: 0;
    height: 100%;
    width: 100%;
  }
  #cta picture img {
    position: absolute;
    top: 0;
    left: 0;
    height: 100%;
    width: 100%;
    object-fit: cover;
  }
  #cta .title {
    position: relative;
    margin-bottom: 2.25rem;
    font-size: min(9vw, 3rem);
    line-height: 1.2083333333em;
    font-weight: 900;
    color: #fff;
    text-align: center;
  }
  #cta p {
    opacity: 1;
    margin: auto;
    margin-bottom: 2.25rem;
    max-width: 37.375rem;
    width: 96%;
    color: #fff;
    text-align: center;
  }
  #cta:before {
    z-index: -1;
    position: absolute;
    top: 0;
    left: 0;
    content: "";
    opacity: 0.7;
    display: block;
    background: #000;
    height: 100%;
    width: 100%;
  }
}
/* Small Desktop */
@media only screen and (min-width: 64rem) {
  #cta {
    padding: 10.5rem 0;
  }
}
/* Large Desktop */
@media only screen and (min-width: 1300px) {
  #cta {
    position: relative;
    margin-top: 6.25rem;
  }
  #cta .container {
    margin: auto;
    width: 90.0625%;
  }
  #cta picture {
    left: 50%;
    transform: translateX(-50%);
    width: 90.0625%;
  }
  #cta picture:before {
    z-index: 1;
    position: absolute;
    top: 0;
    left: 0;
    content: "";
    opacity: 0.7;
    display: block;
    background: #000;
    height: 100%;
    width: 100%;
  }
  #cta:before {
    display: none;
  }
  #cta:after {
    z-index: -3;
    position: absolute;
    bottom: 0;
    left: 50%;
    content: "";
    opacity: 1;
    transform: translateX(-50%);
    display: block;
    background: url("/assets/svgs/cta-squares.svg");
    background-position: center;
    background-size: contain;
    background-repeat: no-repeat;
    height: 69.25rem;
    width: 125rem;
  }
}
/* Dark Mode */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
  body.dark-mode #cta:after {
    display: none;
  }
}
/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---           Footer           -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/
/* Mobile */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
  #footer {
    background: #1c1c1c;
    padding: 5.25rem 0 1.25rem;
    font-size: min(4vw, 1.2em);
  }
  #footer .left-section {
    margin: auto;
    margin-bottom: 3.125rem;
    text-align: center;
  }
  #footer .left-section .logo {
    display: inline-block;
    margin: auto;
    margin-bottom: 1.875em;
    height: 2em;
    width: auto;
    text-align: center;
  }
  #footer .left-section .logo img {
    display: block;
    height: 100%;
    width: auto;
  }
  #footer .left-section p {
    opacity: 0.9;
    margin: auto;
    width: 100%;
    font-size: 0.875rem;
    line-height: 1.9285714286rem;
    color: #fff;
    text-align: center;
  }
  #footer .right-section {
    margin: auto;
    max-width: 25.4375rem;
    width: 96%;
  }
  #footer .right-section .lists {
    display: flex;
    flex-wrap: wrap;
    justify-content: space-between;
    margin: auto;
    max-width: 19.1875rem;
    width: 96%;
  }
  #footer .right-section .lists ul {
    margin-top: 0;
    margin-bottom: 0;
    padding: 0;
  }
  #footer .right-section .lists ul li {
    opacity: 0.9;
    margin-bottom: 0.75rem;
    list-style: none;
    font-size: 1.125rem;
    color: #fff;
  }
  #footer .right-section .lists ul li a {
    text-decoration: none;
    line-height: 1.1666666667em;
    color: #fff;
    transition: color 0.3s;
  }
  #footer .right-section .lists ul li a:hover {
    color: var(--primary);
  }
  #footer .right-section .lists ul h2 {
    position: relative;
    margin-bottom: 2.3125rem;
    text-transform: uppercase;
    font-size: 1.125rem;
    line-height: 1.1666666667em;
    font-weight: bold;
    color: #fff;
  }
  #footer .right-section .lists ul h2:before {
    position: absolute;
    bottom: -1rem;
    left: 0;
    content: "";
    opacity: 1;
    display: block;
    background: var(--primary);
    height: 0.125rem;
    width: 6.0625rem;
  }
  #footer .right-section .lists ul:nth-of-type(3) {
    margin-top: 3.125rem;
  }
  #footer .right-section .lists ul:nth-of-type(3) li {
    display: flex;
    justify-content: flex-start;
    align-items: center;
    margin-bottom: 1rem;
  }
  #footer .right-section .lists ul:nth-of-type(3) li:last-of-type {
    margin-bottom: 0;
  }
  #footer .right-section .buttons {
    display: flex;
    justify-content: center;
  }
  #footer .right-section .cs-button-solid {
    margin: 0;
    height: 3.3125rem;
    width: 15.625rem;
    padding-top: 0.1875rem;
  }
  #footer .credit {
    margin: auto;
    margin-top: 6.25rem;
    width: 96%;
    font-size: 1rem;
    line-height: 2.25rem;
    color: #fff;
    text-align: center;
  }
  #footer .credit a {
    text-decoration: none;
    font-size: 1rem;
    color: var(--primary);
  }
  #footer .credit a:hover {
    text-decoration: underline;
  }
  #footer .credit .copyright {
    display: block;
    font-size: 1rem;
  }
}
/* Small Desktop */
@media only screen and (min-width: 64rem) {
  #footer {
    font-size: min(1.2vw, 1em);
  }
  #footer .container {
    display: flex;
    flex-direction: row;
    flex-wrap: nowrap;
    justify-content: space-between;
    margin: auto;
    max-width: 82.5rem;
    width: 96%;
    padding: 0;
  }
  #footer .left-section {
    margin: 0;
    width: 25.5625rem;
    text-align: left;
  }
  #footer .left-section .logo {
    margin-left: 0;
    height: 2.5rem;
    text-align: left;
  }
  #footer .left-section p {
    margin-left: 0;
    text-align: left;
  }
  #footer .right-section {
    margin: 0;
    max-width: none;
    width: 38.0625rem;
  }
  #footer .right-section .lists {
    margin: 0;
    max-width: 48.0625rem;
    width: 96%;
  }
  #footer .right-section .lists ul li a {
    position: relative;
  }
  #footer .right-section .lists ul li a:before {
    position: absolute;
    bottom: -0.1875rem;
    left: 0;
    content: "";
    opacity: 1;
    display: block;
    background: var(--primary);
    height: 0.125rem;
    width: 0%;
    transition: width 0.3s;
  }
  #footer .right-section .lists ul li a:hover:before {
    width: 100%;
  }
  #footer .right-section .lists ul:nth-of-type(3) {
    margin-top: 0;
  }
  #footer .right-section .lists ul:nth-of-type(3) li:first-of-type {
    margin-bottom: 0;
  }
  #footer .right-section .buttons {
    justify-content: flex-start;
  }
  #footer .credit .copyright {
    display: inline-block;
  }
}
/* Dark Mode */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
  body.dark-mode #footer {
    background: #061623;
  }
}

/*# sourceMappingURL=root.css.map */

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\assets\css\root.css.map`:

```````map
{"version":3,"sourceRoot":"","sources":["../sass/root.scss"],"names":[],"mappings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wJACgH;;AAEpH;EACA;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA,gJAC4G;;AAEhH;EACA;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA,gJAC4G;;;AAIpH;AACA;EACI;AAAA;IAEI;IACA;;;AAIR;AACA;EACI;AAAA;IAEI;;;AAIR;AAAA;AAAA;AAIA;AACA;EAGY;IACI;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;;EAKZ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAEA;AAAA;IAGI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IAEA;;EAKJ;IACI;IACA;IAEA;IACA;;;AAKZ;AACA;EACI;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAEA;IACI;;;AAKZ;AAAA;AAAA;AAIA;AACA;EAEQ;IACI;;EAIR;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;IACA;;EAEA;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;IACA;;EAEA;IACI;IACA;AACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;;EAIR;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;;EAIA;IACI;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;;EAIR;IACI;AACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;AACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAEA;IACI;;EAEJ;IACI;;EAEJ;IACI;;EAEJ;IACI;;EAEJ;IACI;;EAEJ;IACI;;EAEJ;IACI;;EAEJ;IACI;;EAEJ;IACI;;EAIR;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAEA;IACI;IACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAIA;IACI;;EAKZ;IACI;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAIA;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;;EAEJ;IACI;IACA;;;AAMhB;AACA;EAEQ;IACI;;EAEA;AACI;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;;EAGJ;IACI;;EAGJ;IACI;;;AAMhB;AAAA;AAAA;AAIA;AACA;EAEQ;IACI;IACA;;EAEA;IACI;IACA;;EAIA;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;;EAKZ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;;EAIA;AACI;IACA;IACA;;;AAMhB;AACA;EAEQ;IACI;;EAEA;IAEI;;EACA;IACI;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;;EAKZ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;AACA;IAEA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAEA;IACI;;EAEJ;IACI;;EAEJ;IACI;;EAEJ;IACI;;EAEJ;IACI;;EAEJ;IACI;;EAEJ;IACI;;EAEJ;IACI;;EAEJ;IACI;;EAEJ;IACI;;EAEJ;IACI;;EAEJ;IACI;;EAEJ;IACI;;EAKJ;IACI;IACA;AACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAEA;IACI;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;;;AAOpB;AACA;EAGY;IACI;;EAKI;IACI;;EAKZ;AACI;IACA;;;AAMhB;AAAA;AAAA;AAIA;AACA;EACI;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;IACA;;EAEA;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAEA;IACI;IACA;AACA;IACA;;EAIR;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;AACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAEI;IACI;;EAIR;IACI;IACA;IACA;AACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAIA;IACI;;;AAOpB;AACA;EAEQ;IACI;;EAEA;AACI;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;;EAIA;IACI;;;AAOp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hB;AAAA;AAAA;AAIA;AACA;EACI;IACI;IACA;IACA;;EAEA;IACI;IACA;IACA;;EACA;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAEA;IACI;IACA;IACA;;EAIR;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAIR;IACI;IACA;IACA;;EACA;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EACA;IACI;IACA;IACA;;EAEA;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAEA;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EACA;IACI;;EAIZ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAEA;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAIR;IACI;;EACA;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAEA;IACI;;EAOpB;IACI;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAIR;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAEA;IACI;IACA;IACA;;EAEA;IACI;;EAIR;IACI;IACA;;;AAMhB;AACA;EACI;IACI;;EACA;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;IACA;;EAEA;IACI;IACA;IACA;;EAGJ;IACI;IACA;;EAIR;IACI;IACA;IACA;;EAEA;IACI;IACA;IACA;;EAIQ;IACI;;EAEA;IACI;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;IACA;;EAIA;IACI;;EAKhB;IACI;;EAEA;IACI;;EAMhB;IACI;;EAKJ;IACI;;;AAMhB;AACA;EAEQ;IACI","file":"root.css"}
```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\assets\favicons\browserconfig.xml`:

```````xml
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<browserconfig>
    <msapplication>
        <tile>
            <square150x150logo src="/mstile-150x150.png"/>
            <TileColor>#da532c</TileColor>
        </tile>
    </msapplication>
</browserconfig>

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\assets\favicons\site.webmanifest`:

```````webmanifest
{
    "name": "",
    "short_name": "",
    "icons": [
        {
            "src": "/assets/favicons/android-chrome-192x192.png",
            "sizes": "192x192",
            "type": "image/png"
        },
        {
            "src": "/assets/favicons/android-chrome-384x384.png",
            "sizes": "384x384",
            "type": "image/png"
        }
    ],
    "theme_color": "#ffffff",
    "background_color": "#ffffff",
    "display": "standalone"
}

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\assets\js\dark.js`:

```````js
//
//    The Dark Mode System
//

// helper functions to toggle dark mode
function enableDarkMode() {
	document.body.classList.add('dark-mode');
	localStorage.setItem('theme', 'dark');
}
function disableDarkMode() {
	document.body.classList.remove('dark-mode');
	localStorage.setItem('theme', 'light');
}

// determines a new users dark mode preferences
function detectColorScheme() {
	// default to the light theme
	let theme = 'light';

	// check localStorage for a saved 'theme' variable. if it's there, the user has visited before, so apply the necessary theme choices
	if (localStorage.getItem('theme')) {
		theme = localStorage.getItem('theme');
	}
	// if it's not there, check to see if the user has applied dark mode preferences themselves in the browser
	else if (window.matchMedia && window.matchMedia('(prefers-color-scheme: dark)').matches) {
		theme = 'dark';
	}

	// if there is no preference set, the default of light will be used. apply accordingly
	theme === 'dark' ? enableDarkMode() : disableDarkMode();
}

// run on page load
detectColorScheme();

// add event listener to the dark mode button toggle
document.getElementById('dark-mode-toggle').addEventListener('click', () => {
	// on click, check localStorage for the dark mode value, use to apply the opposite of what's saved
	localStorage.getItem('theme') === 'light' ? enableDarkMode() : disableDarkMode();
});

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\assets\js\nav.js`:

```````js
// Select DOM elements
const bodyElement = document.querySelector("body");
const navbarMenu = document.querySelector("#cs-navigation");
const hamburgerMenu = document.querySelector("#cs-navigation .cs-toggle");

// Function to toggle the aria-expanded attribute
function toggleAriaExpanded(element) {
    const isExpanded = element.getAttribute("aria-expanded");
    element.setAttribute("aria-expanded", isExpanded === "false" ? "true" : "false");
}

// Function to toggle the menu open or closed
function toggleMenu() {
    hamburgerMenu.classList.toggle("cs-active");
    navbarMenu.classList.toggle("cs-active");
    bodyElement.classList.toggle("cs-open");
    toggleAriaExpanded(hamburgerMenu);
}

// Add click event listener to the hamburger menu
hamburgerMenu.addEventListener("click", toggleMenu);

// Add click event listener to the navbar menu to handle clicks on the pseudo-element
navbarMenu.addEventListener("click", function (event) {
    if (event.target === navbarMenu && navbarMenu.classList.contains("cs-active")) {
        toggleMenu();
    }
});

// Function to handle dropdown toggle
function toggleDropdown(element) {
    element.classList.toggle("cs-active");
    const dropdownButton = element.querySelector(".cs-dropdown-button");
    if (dropdownButton) {
        toggleAriaExpanded(dropdownButton);
    }
}

// Add event listeners to each dropdown element for accessibility
const dropdownElements = document.querySelectorAll(".cs-dropdown");
dropdownElements.forEach(element => {
    let escapePressed = false;

    element.addEventListener("focusout", function (event) {
        // Skip the focusout logic if escape was pressed
        if (escapePressed) {
            escapePressed = false;
            return;
        }

        // If the focus has moved outside the dropdown, remove the active class from the dropdown 
        if (!element.contains(event.relatedTarget)) {
            element.classList.remove("cs-active");
            const dropdownButton = element.querySelector(".cs-dropdown-button");

            if (dropdownButton) {
                toggleAriaExpanded(dropdownButton);
            }
        }
    });

    element.addEventListener("keydown", function (event) {
        if (element.classList.contains("cs-active")) {
            event.stopPropagation();
        }

        // Pressing Enter or Space will toggle the dropdown and adjust the aria-expanded attribute
        if (event.key === "Enter" || event.key === " ") {
            event.preventDefault();
            toggleDropdown(element);
        }

        // Pressing Escape will remove the active class from the dropdown. The stopPropagation above will stop the hamburger menu from closing
        if (event.key === "Escape") {
            escapePressed = true;
            toggleDropdown(element);
        }
    });

    // Handles dropdown menus on mobile - the matching media query (max-width: 63.9375rem) is necessary so that clicking the dropdown button on desktop does not add the active class and thus interfere with the hover state
    const maxWidthMediaQuery = window.matchMedia("(max-width: 63.9375rem)");
    if (maxWidthMediaQuery.matches) {
        element.addEventListener("click", () => toggleDropdown(element));
    }
});

// Pressing Enter will redirect to the href
const dropdownLinks = document.querySelectorAll(".cs-drop-li > .cs-li-link");
dropdownLinks.forEach(link => {
    link.addEventListener("keydown", function (event) {
        if (event.key === "Enter") {
            window.location.href = this.href;
        }
    });
});

// If you press Escape and the hamburger menu is open, close it
document.addEventListener("keydown", (event) => {
    if (event.key === "Escape" && hamburgerMenu.classList.contains("cs-active")) {
        toggleMenu();
    }
});

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\assets\sass\about.scss`:

```````scss
/* PAGE-SPECIFIC STYLES FOR THE ABOUT PAGE */

/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---       Side By Side         -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/

/* Mobile - 360px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
    #sbs {
        padding: var(--sectionPadding);

        .cs-container {
            display: flex;
            flex-direction: column;
            justify-content: center;
            align-items: center;
            margin: auto;
            max-width: calc(1280 / 16 * 1rem);
            width: 100%;
            row-gap: calc(40 / 16 * 1rem);
        }

        .cs-left {
            position: relative;
            height: calc(636 / 16 * 1em);
            /* using ems so we can use font size to scale the whole section */
            width: calc(631 / 16 * 1em);
            /* scaling the font size with the view width */
            font-size: min(2.31vw, 0.7em);
        }

        .cs-picture {
            position: absolute;
            display: block;
            border-radius: calc(24 / 16 * 1em);
            /* clips img tag corners */
            overflow: hidden;
            img {
                position: absolute;
                top: 0;
                left: 0;
                height: 100%;
                width: 100%;
                /* makes image act like a background image */
                object-fit: cover;
            }
        }

        .cs-picture1 {
            top: 0;
            left: 0;
            height: calc(581 / 16 * 1em);
            width: calc(522 / 16 * 1em);
        }

        .cs-picture2 {
            bottom: 0;
            right: 0;
            /* 6px - 12px */
            border: clamp(0.375em, 1.5vw, 0.75em) solid #fff;
            background-color: #fff;
            height: calc(400 / 16 * 1em);
            width: calc(414 / 16 * 1em);
            box-shadow: rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1) 0px 0px 40px;
        }

        .cs-right {
            margin: auto;
            max-width: calc(542 / 16 * 1rem);
        }

        .cs-topper {
            margin-bottom: calc(4 / 16 * 1rem);
            text-align: left;
        }

        .cs-title {
            max-width: calc(800 / 16 * 1rem);
            text-align: left;
        }

        .cs-text {
            margin-bottom: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);
            max-width: calc(750 / 16 * 1rem);
            color: var(--bodyTextColor);
            text-align: left;

            &:last-of-type {
                margin-bottom: calc(32 / 16 * 1rem);
            }
        }

        .cs-flex-group {
            position: relative;
            border-radius: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);
            background-color: #f7f7f7;
            /* 16px - 32px */
            padding: clamp(1rem, 3vw, 2rem);
        }

        .cs-flex-p {
            margin: 0 0 calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);
            /* 14px - 16px */
            font-size: clamp(0.875rem, 1.5vw, 1rem);
            line-height: 1.5em;
            color: #353535;
        }

        .cs-name {
            display: block;
            margin: 0 0 calc(4 / 16 * 1rem);
            text-transform: uppercase;
            font-size: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);
            line-height: 1.2em;
            font-weight: bold;
            color: var(--headerColor);
        }

        .cs-job {
            display: block;
            font-size: calc(14 / 16 * 1rem);
            line-height: 1.5em;
            color: #353535;
        }

        .cs-quote-icon {
            position: absolute;
            bottom: calc(0 / 16 * 1rem);
            /* 16px - 32px */
            right: clamp(1rem, 4vw, 2rem);
            height: auto;
            /* 60px - 136px */
            width: clamp(3.75rem, 10vw, 8.5rem);
        }

        .cs-button-solid {
            margin-top: calc(32 / 16 * 1rem);
        }
    }
}

/* Desktop - 1024px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 64rem) {
    #sbs {
        .cs-container {
            flex-flow: row;
            justify-content: space-between;
            gap: calc(52 / 16 * 1rem);
        }

        .cs-left {
            font-size: min(1.2vw, 1em);
            flex: none;
        }

        .cs-right {
            margin: 0;
        }
    }
}

/* Dark Mode */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
    body.dark-mode {
        #sbs {
            .cs-left {
                &:before,
                &:after {
                    background: var(--accent);
                }
            }

            .cs-picture2 {
                /* 6px - 12px */
                border: clamp(0.375em, 1.5vw, 0.75em) solid var(--dark);
                background-color: var(--dark);
            }

            .cs-topper {
                color: var(--primaryLight);
            }

            .cs-title,
            .cs-text,
            .cs-h3,
            .cs-flex-p,
            .cs-name {
                color: var(--bodyTextColorWhite);
            }

            .cs-flex-group {
                background-color: var(--accent);
            }

            .cs-job {
                opacity: 0.8;
                color: var(--bodyTextColorWhite);
            }

            .cs-quote-icon {
                opacity: 0.2;
            }
        }
    }
}

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\assets\sass\blog.scss`:

```````scss
/* PAGE-SPECIFIC STYLES FOR THE BLOG AND ARTICLE PAGES */

/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---        Core Styles         -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/

/* Mobile - 360px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
    .blog-container {
        margin: auto;
        max-width: calc(1120 / 16 * 1em);
        width: 94%;
    }

    .blog-link {
        z-index: 1;
        position: relative;
        display: inline-block;
        border-radius: calc(4 / 16 * 1rem);
        margin: auto;
        background-color: var(--headerColor);
        min-width: calc(150 / 16 * 1rem);
        /* prevents padding from adding to the width */
        box-sizing: border-box;
        padding: 0 calc(24 / 16 * 1rem);
        text-decoration: none;
        font-size: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);
        /* 46px - 56px */
        line-height: clamp(2.875em, 5.5vw, 3.5em);
        font-weight: 700;
        color: #fff;
        transition: color 0.3s;
        text-align: center;

        &:before {
            z-index: -1;
            z-index: -1;
            position: absolute;
            top: 0;
            left: 0;
            content: "";
            opacity: 0;
            border: 1px solid var(--headerColor);
            border-radius: calc(4 / 16 * 1rem);
            background: #fff;
            height: 100%;
            width: 100%;
            box-sizing: border-box;
            transition: opacity 0.3s;
        }

        &:hover {
            color: var(--headerColor);
            &:before {
                opacity: 1;
            }
        }
    }
}

/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---           Header           -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/

/* Mobile - 360px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
    #header {
        z-index: 1;
        position: relative;

        .blog-container {
            padding: clamp(100px, 14vw, 200px) 0 clamp(50px, 11vw, 100px);
        }

        .blog-header {
            margin: 0;
            width: 100%;
            font-size: clamp(24px, 4vw, 48px);
            line-height: 1.2em;
            font-weight: 700;
            color: #fff;
            text-align: left;
        }

        .blog-bg {
            z-index: -1;
            position: absolute;
            top: 0;
            left: 0;
            display: block;
            height: 100%;
            width: 100%;

            img {
                position: absolute;
                top: 0;
                left: 0;
                height: 100%;
                width: 100%;
                object-fit: cover;
            }

            &:before {
                z-index: 1;
                position: absolute;
                top: 0;
                left: 0;
                /* color overlay */
                content: "";
                opacity: 0.6;
                display: block;
                background: #000;
                height: 100%;
                width: 100%;
            }
        }
    }
}

/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---   Interior Page Header     -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/

/* Mobile */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
    #int-hero {
        z-index: 1;
        position: relative;
        display: flex;
        flex-direction: column;
        justify-content: center;
        align-items: center;
        min-height: 30vh;
        padding-top: calc(50 / 16 * 1rem);

        picture {
            z-index: -2;
            position: absolute;
            top: 0;
            left: 0;
            height: 100%;
            width: 100%;

            img {
                position: absolute;
                top: 0;
                left: 0;
                height: 100%;
                width: 100%;
                object-fit: cover;
            }
        }

        h1 {
            position: relative;
            margin: 0 auto;
            margin-top: calc(70 / 16 * 1rem);
            margin-bottom: calc(30 / 16 * 1rem);
            max-width: calc(500 / 16 * 1rem);
            width: 96%;
            font-size: calc(64 / 30 * 1rem);
            color: #fff;
            text-align: center;
        }

        p {
            display: block;
            margin: auto;
            margin-bottom: calc(30 / 16 * 1rem);
            max-width: calc(400 / 16 * 1rem);
            width: 96%;
            color: #fff;
            text-align: center;
        }

        &:before {
            z-index: -1;
            position: absolute;
            top: 0;
            left: 0;
            content: "";
            opacity: 0.7;
            display: block;
            background: #000;
            height: 100%;
            width: 100%;
        }
    }
}

/* Tablet */
@media only screen and (min-width: 48rem) {
    #int-hero {
        font-size: 100%;

        h1 {
            font-size: calc(64 / 16 * 1rem);
        }
    }
}

/* Small Desktop */
@media only screen and (min-width: 64rem) {
    #int-hero {
        background-attachment: fixed;
        min-height: calc(300 / 16 * 1rem);
        height: auto;
        padding-top: calc(180 / 16 * 1rem);
        font-size: inherit;
        padding-block-end: calc(100 / 16 * 1rem);
    }
}

/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---        Main Content        -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/

/* Mobile - 360px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
    .blog-container {
        padding: clamp(60px, 7vw, 100px) 0;
    }

    .main-content-wrapper {
        display: flex;
        flex-direction: column;
        justify-content: center;
        align-items: center;
        row-gap: calc(50 / 16 * 1em);
    }

    .main-content {
        display: flex;
        flex-direction: column;
        justify-content: center;
        align-items: center;
        width: 100%;
        row-gap: calc(50 / 16 * 1em);
    }
}

/* Tablet - 1024px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 64rem) {
    .main-content-wrapper {
        flex-direction: row;
        align-items: flex-start;
        column-gap: calc(20 / 16 * 1em);
    }
}

/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---    Recent Blog Articles    -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/

/* Mobile - 360px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
    .recent-articles {
        max-width: calc(795 / 16 * 1em);
        width: 100%;
        overflow: hidden;
        flex: none;

        .blog-mainImage {
            position: relative;
            display: block;
            border-radius: calc(8 / 16 * 1em) calc(8 / 16 * 1em) 0 0;
            height: clamp(200px, 30vw, 400px);
            width: 100%;
            overflow: hidden;

            img {
                position: absolute;
                top: 0;
                left: 0;
                height: 100%;
                width: 100%;
                object-fit: cover;
            }
        }

        .article-group {
            border: 1px solid #ebebeb;
            border-radius: 0 0 calc(8 / 16 * 1em) calc(8 / 16 * 1em);
            padding: clamp(30px, 5vw, 50px);
        }

        .blog-author-img {
            position: relative;
            display: block;
            border-radius: 50%;
            height: calc(32 / 16 * 1em);
            width: calc(32 / 16 * 1em);
            overflow: hidden;

            img {
                position: absolute;
                top: 0;
                left: 0;
                height: 100%;
                width: 100%;
                object-fit: cover;
            }
        }

        .blog-authorGroup {
            display: flex;
            justify-content: flex-start;
            align-items: center;
            gap: calc(12 / 16 * 1rem);
        }

        .blog-author,
        .blog-date {
            font-size: calc(14 / 16 * 1rem);
            line-height: 1.5em;
            color: var(--bodyTextColor);
        }

        .blog-dot {
            display: block;
            border-radius: 50%;
            background-color: var(--primary);
            height: 3px;
            width: 3px;
        }

        .blog-h1 {
            margin: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem) 0;
            font-size: clamp(20px, 5vw, 32px);
            line-height: 1.4em;
            font-weight: 700;
            color: var(--headerColor);
        }

        .blog-desc {
            margin: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem) 0 calc(32 / 16 * 1rem);
            font-size: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);
            line-height: 1.5em;
            color: var(--bodyTextColor);
        }

        .blog-link {
            z-index: 1;
            position: relative;
            display: inline-block;
            border-radius: calc(4 / 16 * 1rem);
            margin: auto;
            background-color: var(--headerColor);
            min-width: calc(150 / 16 * 1rem);
            /* prevents padding from adding to the width */
            box-sizing: border-box;
            padding: 0 calc(24 / 16 * 1rem);
            text-decoration: none;
            font-size: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);
            /* 46px - 56px */
            line-height: clamp(2.875em, 5.5vw, 3.5em);
            font-weight: 700;
            color: #fff;
            transition: color 0.3s;
            text-align: center;

            &:before {
                z-index: -1;
                z-index: -1;
                position: absolute;
                top: 0;
                left: 0;
                content: "";
                opacity: 0;
                border: 1px solid var(--headerColor);
                border-radius: calc(4 / 16 * 1rem);
                background: #fff;
                height: 100%;
                width: 100%;
                box-sizing: border-box;
                transition: opacity 0.3s;
            }

            &:hover {
                color: var(--headerColor);
                &:before {
                    opacity: 1;
                }
            }
        }
    }
}

/* Mobile - 1024px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 64rem) {
    .recent-articles {
        .blog-h1 {
            max-width: calc(500 / 16 * 1rem);
        }
    }
}

/* Dark Mode */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
    body.dark-mode {
        .recent-articles {
            .blog-h1,
            .blog-desc,
            .blog-author,
            .blog-date {
                color: #f7f7f7;
            }
        }

        .blog-sidebar {
            .feature-h3,
            .feature-date,
            .blog-header {
                color: #f7f7f7;
            }
            .blog-header {
                &:after {
                    background: var(--primary);
                }
            }
        }

        .blog-article {
            .blog-h1,
            .blog-author,
            .blog-date {
                color: #f7f7f7;
            }

            #blog-content {
                h1,
                h2,
                h3,
                h4,
                h5,
                h6 {
                    color: #f7f7f7;
                }
                p,
                li {
                    opacity: 0.8;
                    color: #f7f7f7;
                }
                a {
                    color: #9dafe5;
                }
            }
        }
    }
}

/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---          Sidebar           -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/

/* Mobile - 360px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
    .blog-sidebar {
        display: flex;
        flex-direction: column;
        justify-content: center;
        align-items: center;
        max-width: calc(795 / 16 * 1em);
        width: 100%;
        box-sizing: border-box;
        row-gap: calc(50 / 16 * 1em);

        .blog-featured-group {
            display: flex;
            flex-direction: column;
            justify-content: flex-start;
            align-items: center;
            border: 1px solid #ebebeb;
            border-radius: calc(8 / 16 * 1em);
            width: 100%;
            padding: calc(35 / 16 * 1em) calc(30 / 16 * 1em);
        }

        .blog-header {
            position: relative;
            display: block;
            margin-bottom: calc(30 / 16 * 1rem);
            font-size: calc(20 / 16 * 1em);
            font-weight: bold;
            color: var(--headerColor);
            text-align: center;

            &:after {
                position: relative;
                content: "";
                display: block;
                border-radius: calc(4 / 16 * 1rem);
                margin: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem) auto;
                background: var(--headerColor);
                height: 3px;
                width: calc(50 / 16 * 1rem);
            }
        }

        .blog-feature {
            display: flex;
            justify-content: flex-start;
            align-items: center;
            border-bottom: 1px solid #ebebeb;
            width: 100%;
            padding: calc(20 / 16 * 1rem) 0;
            text-decoration: none;
            column-gap: calc(24 / 16 * 1em);

            &:nth-of-type(1) {
                padding-top: 0;
            }

            &:last-of-type {
                border: none;
                padding-bottom: 0;
            }
        }

        .blog-featureImage {
            position: relative;
            display: block;
            border-radius: 50%;
            height: calc(60 / 16 * 1em);
            width: calc(60 / 16 * 1em);
            overflow: hidden;
            flex: none;

            img {
                position: absolute;
                top: 0;
                left: 0;
                height: 100%;
                width: 100%;
                object-fit: cover;
            }
        }

        .feature-h3 {
            display: block;
            margin: 0;
            margin-bottom: calc(4 / 16 * 1rem);
            text-decoration: none;
            font-size: calc(15 / 16 * 1rem);
            line-height: 1.5em;
            font-weight: 700;
            color: var(--headerColor);
        }

        .feature-date {
            display: block;
            font-size: calc(14 / 16 * 1rem);
            line-height: 1.5em;
            color: var(--bodyTextColor);
        }
    }
}

/* Tablet - 1024px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 64rem) {
    .blog-sidebar {
        max-width: calc(360 / 16 * 1em);
    }
}

/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---        Blog Articles       -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/

/* Mobile - 360px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
    .blog-article {
        display: block;
        max-width: calc(795 / 16 * 1em);
        width: 100%;
        .blog-mainImage {
            position: relative;
            display: block;
            border-radius: calc(8 / 16 * 1em);
            margin-bottom: calc(50 / 16 * 1em);
            height: clamp(200px, 30vw, 400px);
            width: 100%;
            overflow: hidden;

            img {
                position: absolute;
                top: 0;
                left: 0;
                height: 100%;
                width: 100%;
                object-fit: cover;
            }
        }

        .blog-author-img {
            position: relative;
            display: block;
            border-radius: 50%;
            height: calc(32 / 16 * 1em);
            width: calc(32 / 16 * 1em);
            overflow: hidden;

            img {
                position: absolute;
                top: 0;
                left: 0;
                height: 100%;
                width: 100%;
                object-fit: cover;
            }
        }

        .blog-authorGroup {
            display: flex;
            justify-content: flex-start;
            align-items: center;
            gap: calc(12 / 16 * 1rem);
        }

        .blog-author,
        .blog-date {
            font-size: calc(14 / 16 * 1rem);
            line-height: 1.5em;
            color: var(--bodyTextColor);
        }

        .blog-dot {
            display: block;
            border-radius: 50%;
            background-color: #fe4f70;
            height: 3px;
            width: 3px;
        }

        .blog-h1 {
            margin: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem) 0;
            max-width: calc(550 / 16 * 1rem);
            font-size: clamp(20px, 5vw, 39px);
            line-height: 1.4em;
            font-weight: 700;
            color: var(--headerColor);
        }

        #blog-content {
            border-top: 1px solid #ebebeb;
            margin-top: calc(16 / 16 * 1em);
            padding-top: calc(25 / 16 * 1em);

            h1 {
                margin-bottom: 1rem;
                font-size: 2.25rem;
                line-height: 1.75em;
                font-weight: 700;
                color: var(--headerColor);
            }

            h2 {
                margin-bottom: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);
                font-size: calc(28 / 16 * 1rem);
                line-height: 1.5em;
                font-weight: 700;
                color: var(--headerColor);
            }

            h3 {
                margin-bottom: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);
                font-size: calc(24 / 16 * 1rem);
                line-height: 1.5em;
                font-weight: 700;
                color: var(--headerColor);
            }

            h4,
            h5,
            h6 {
                margin-bottom: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);
                font-size: calc(20 / 16 * 1rem);
                line-height: 1.5em;
                font-weight: 700;
                color: var(--headerColor);
            }

            p {
                margin: 0;
                margin-bottom: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);
                font-size: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);
                line-height: 1.6em;
                color: var(--bodyTextColor);
            }

            a {
                text-decoration: underline;
                font-size: inherit;
                color: var(--secondary);
            }

            ul,
            ol {
                margin: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem) 0;
                padding-left: calc(40 / 16 * 1rem);

                li {
                    margin-bottom: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);
                    list-style: circle;
                    font-size: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);
                    line-height: 1.6em;
                    color: var(--bodyTextColor);
                }
            }

            img {
                display: block;
                border-radius: calc(8 / 16 * 1rem);
                margin: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem) 0;
                height: auto;
                width: 100%;
            }
        }
    }
}

/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---           Footer           -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/

/* Mobile - 360px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
    #cs-footer {
        background-color: #1a1a1a;
        /* 60px - 100px top and bottom */
        padding: clamp(3.75em, 7.82vw, 6.25em) calc(16 / 16 * 1em);
        font-family: "Roboto", "Arial", sans-serif;

        .cs-container {
            margin: auto;
            max-width: calc(1280 / 16 * 1em);
            width: 100%;
        }

        .cs-logo-group {
            position: relative;
            /* takes up all the space, lets the other ul's wrap below it */
            width: 100%;
        }

        .cs-logo {
            display: block;
            /* 28px - 44px */
            margin-bottom: clamp(1.75em, 4.17vw, 2.75em);
            height: auto;
            /* 210px - 240px */
            width: clamp(13.125em, 8vw, 15em);
        }

        .cs-logo-img {
            height: auto;
            width: 100%;
        }

        .cs-text {
            margin: 0;
            margin-bottom: calc(40 / 16 * 1rem);
            /* changes to 521px at desktop */
            max-width: calc(344 / 16 * 1rem);
            color: var(--bodyTextColorWhite);
        }

        .cs-nav {
            margin: 0;
            /* 32px - 40px */
            margin-bottom: clamp(2em, 5.3vw, 2.5em);
            padding: 0;
            padding-left: calc(16 / 16 * 1em);
        }

        .cs-nav-li {
            list-style: none;
            line-height: 1.5em;
            &:last-of-type {
                margin-bottom: 0;
            }
        }

        .cs-header {
            position: relative;
            display: block;
            margin-bottom: calc(20 / 16 * 1rem);
            font-size: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);
            line-height: 1.5em;
            font-weight: 700;
            color: var(--bodyTextColorWhite);
        }

        .cs-nav-link {
            position: relative;
            text-decoration: none;
            font-size: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);
            line-height: 1.5em;
            color: var(--bodyTextColorWhite);

            &:before {
                position: absolute;
                bottom: calc(-2 / 16 * 1rem);
                left: 0;
                /* underline */
                content: "";
                opacity: 1;
                display: block;
                /* current color of the parent */
                background: currentColor;
                height: calc(2 / 16 * 1rem);
                width: 0%;
                transition: width 0.3s;
            }

            &:hover {
                &:before {
                    width: 100%;
                }
            }
        }

        .cs-bottom {
            position: relative;
            width: 100%;
            padding-left: calc(16 / 16 * 1em);
        }

        .cs-copyright {
            display: block;
            font-size: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);
            line-height: 1.5em;
            color: #b4b2c7;
        }

        .cs-social {
            position: absolute;
            bottom: 0;
            right: calc(16 / 16 * 1em);
            display: inline-flex;
            flex-direction: column;
            justify-content: flex-start;
            gap: calc(12 / 16 * 1em);
        }

        .cs-social-link {
            z-index: 1;
            position: relative;
            display: flex;
            justify-content: center;
            align-items: center;
            border-radius: 50%;
            background-color: #4e4b66;
            height: calc(24 / 16 * 1rem);
            width: calc(24 / 16 * 1rem);
            transition: transform 0.3s, background-color 0.3s;

            &:hover {
                transform: translateY(calc(-3 / 16 * 1rem));
                background-color: var(--primary);
            }
        }

        .cs-social-img {
            display: block;
            height: calc(13 / 16 * 1rem);
            width: auto;
        }
    }
}

/* Inbetween - 600px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 37.5em) {
    #cs-footer {
        .cs-container {
            display: flex;
            flex-wrap: wrap;
            justify-content: flex-start;
            align-items: flex-start;
            /* 48px - 60px */
            column-gap: clamp(3em, 5.9vw, 3.75em);
        }
    }
}

/* Tablet - 768px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 48rem) {
    #cs-footer {
        .cs-logo-group {
            display: flex;
            justify-content: space-between;
            align-items: flex-start;
            /* 20px - 60px */
            margin-bottom: clamp(1.25em, 4vw, 3.75em);
        }

        .cs-logo {
            margin: 0;
        }

        .cs-text {
            margin: 0;
            max-width: calc(521 / 16 * 1rem);
            width: 50%;
            text-align: right;
        }

        .cs-nav {
            padding: 0;
        }

        .cs-bottom {
            display: flex;
            justify-content: space-between;
            align-items: center;
            padding: 0;
        }

        .cs-social {
            position: relative;
            /* reset these positions */
            bottom: auto;
            right: auto;
            flex-direction: row;
        }
    }
}

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\assets\sass\contact.scss`:

```````scss
/* PAGE-SPECIFIC STYLES FOR THE CONTACT PAGE */

/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---          Contact           -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/

/* Mobile - 360px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
    :root {
        /* 13px - 16px */
        --topperFontSize: clamp(0.8125rem, 1.6vw, 1rem);
        /* 31px - 49px */
        --headerFontSize: clamp(1.9375rem, 4.5vw, 3.0625rem);
        --bodyFontSize: 1rem;

        /* 60px - 100px top and bottom */
        --sectionPadding: clamp(3.75em, 7.82vw, 6.25em) 1rem;
    }

    #cs-contact {
        padding: var(--sectionPadding);
        font-family: "Roboto", "Arial", sans-serif;

        .cs-container {
            margin: auto;
            /* changes to 1280px at desktop */
            max-width: calc(800 / 16 * 1rem);
            width: 100%;
        }

        .cs-content {
            width: 100%;
        }

        .cs-topper {
            /* 8px - 12px */
            margin-bottom: clamp(0.5rem, 1.4vw, 0.75rem);
            text-align: left;
        }

        .cs-title {
            max-width: calc(800 / 16 * 1rem);
            text-align: left;
        }

        .cs-text {
            margin: 0 auto 0 0;
            /* 40px - 48px */
            margin-bottom: clamp(2.5rem, 6.3vw, 3rem);
            /* 404px - 522px */
            max-width: clamp(25.25rem, 30vw, 32.625rem);
            text-align: left;
        }

        #cs-form {
            margin-bottom: calc(40 / 16 * 1rem);
            label {
                display: flex;
                flex-direction: column;
                justify-content: center;
                align-items: flex-start;
                /* 12px - 20px */
                margin-bottom: clamp(0.75rem, 1.3em, 1.25rem);
                font-size: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);
                line-height: 1.5em;
                font-weight: 700;
                color: var(--headerColor);
            }

            .cs-label-message {
                /* 32px - 48px */
                margin-bottom: clamp(2rem, 6.3vw, 3rem);
            }

            input,
            textarea {
                border: 1px solid #b4b2c7;
                border-radius: calc(8 / 16 * 1rem);
                margin-top: calc(4 / 16 * 1rem);
                height: calc(64 / 16 * 1rem);
                width: 100%;
                /* prevents border & padding from affecting height */
                box-sizing: border-box;
                padding-left: calc(20 / 16 * 1rem);
                font-size: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);
                transition: border 0.3s;

                &:hover {
                    border: 1px solid var(--primary);
                }
            }

            textarea {
                min-height: calc(120 / 16 * 1rem);
                padding-top: calc(20 / 16 * 1rem);
                font-family: inherit;
            }

            .cs-button-solid {
                border: none;
                width: 100%;
            }
        }

        .cs-right-section {
            position: relative;
            display: flex;
            flex-direction: column;
            justify-content: flex-end;
            align-items: flex-start;
            border-radius: calc(8 / 16 * 1rem);
            height: calc(320 / 16 * 1rem);
            /* cuts off corners on img tag */
            overflow: hidden;
            /* 24px - 40px top & bottom */
            /* 20px - 40px left & right */
            padding: clamp(1.5rem, 3vw, 2.5rem) clamp(1.25rem, 3vw, 2.5rem);
        }

        .cs-header {
            display: block;
            margin-bottom: calc(8 / 16 * 1rem);
            /* 16px - 20px */
            font-size: clamp(1rem, 3vw, 1.25rem);
            line-height: 1.2em;
            font-weight: 700;
            color: var(--bodyTextColorWhite);
        }

        .cs-link {
            position: relative;
            display: block;
            margin-bottom: calc(20 / 16 * 1rem);
            text-decoration: none;
            /* 16px - 20px */
            font-size: clamp(1rem, 3vw, 1.25rem);
            line-height: 1.2em;
            color: var(--bodyTextColorWhite);

            &:before {
                position: absolute;
                bottom: calc(-2 / 16 * 1rem);
                left: 0;
                /* Animated underline */
                content: "";
                opacity: 1;
                display: block;
                /* current color of the parent */
                background: currentColor;
                height: 2px;
                width: 0%;
                transition: width 0.3s;
            }

            &:hover {
                &:before {
                    width: 100%;
                }
            }

            &:last-of-type {
                margin-bottom: 0;
            }
        }

        .cs-block {
            /* sends second address line to the bottom on its own line */
            display: block;
        }

        .cs-bg-picture {
            z-index: -1;
            position: absolute;
            top: 0;
            left: 0;
            display: block;
            height: 100%;
            width: 100%;
            transition: transform 0.6s;

            img {
                position: absolute;
                top: 0;
                left: 0;
                height: 100%;
                width: 100%;
                /* Makes img tag act as a background image */
                object-fit: cover;
            }

            &:before {
                z-index: 1;
                position: absolute;
                top: 0;
                left: 0;
                /* background color overlay */
                content: "";
                display: block;
                background: linear-gradient(180deg, rgba(0, 0, 0, 0) 0%, rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.8) 100%);
                height: 100%;
                width: 100%;
            }
        }
    }
}

/* Tablet - 700px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 43.75em) {
    #cs-contact {
        #cs-form {
            display: flex;
            flex-wrap: wrap;
            justify-content: space-between;
            align-items: flex-start;

            label {
                width: 48%;
            }

            .cs-label-message {
                width: 100%;
            }
        }
    }
}

/* Small Desktop - 1024px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 64rem) {
    #cs-contact {
        .cs-container {
            display: flex;
            justify-content: flex-end;
            align-items: flex-start;
            max-width: calc(1280 / 16 * 1rem);
            gap: calc(80 / 16 * 1rem);
        }

        #cs-form {
            max-width: calc(630 / 16 * 1rem);
            label {
                width: 100%;
            }
        }

        .cs-right-section {
            /* changes to 578px at 1300px wide */
            height: calc(686 / 16 * 1rem);
            max-width: calc(542 / 16 * 1rem);
            width: 40%;
            /* prevents flexbox from squishing it */
            flex: none;

            &:hover {
                .cs-bg-picture {
                    transform: scale(1.1);
                }
            }
        }

        .cs-block {
            /* goes back to inline so it stays "in line" with the rest of the text */
            display: inline-block;
        }
    }
}

/* Small Desktop - 1300px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 81.25em) {
    #cs-contact {
        #cs-form {
            column-gap: calc(0 / 16 * 1rem);
            label {
                max-width: calc(305 / 16 * 1rem);
                width: 48%;
            }

            .cs-label-message {
                max-width: 100%;
            }
        }

        .cs-right-section {
            height: calc(578 / 16 * 1rem);
        }
    }
}

/* Dark Mode */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
    body.dark-mode {
        #cs-contact {
            .cs-text,
            .cs-title {
                color: var(--bodyTextColorWhite);
            }

            #cs-form {
                label,
                input,
                textarea {
                    background-color: transparent;
                    color: var(--bodyTextColorWhite);

                    &::placeholder {
                        /* lighten up the color of the text by 40%*/
                        filter: brightness(1.4);
                    }
                }
            }

            .cs-bg-picture {
                background-color: #000;

                img {
                    /* lets parent background-color bleed through and darken it */
                    opacity: 0.5;
                }
            }
        }
    }
}

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\assets\sass\critical.scss`:

```````scss
/* STYLES FOR ABOVE THE FOLD */

/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---           Hero             -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/

/* Mobile - 360px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
    #hero {
        z-index: 1;
        position: relative;
        /* prevents overflow from the lines extending past the screen width */
        overflow: hidden;
        /* changes on tablet */
        padding: 0 calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);
        padding-bottom: calc(100 / 16 * 1rem);
        font-family: "Roboto", "Arial", sans-serif;
        /* Centers button */
        text-align: center;

        .cs-picture {
            z-index: -2;
            position: absolute;
            top: 0;
            left: 0;
            display: block;
            height: 100%;
            /* Background Image */
            width: 100%;

            img {
                position: absolute;
                top: 0;
                left: 0;
                height: 100%;
                width: 100%;
                /* Makes image act like a background-image */
                object-fit: cover;
            }

            &:before {
                z-index: 1;
                position: absolute;
                top: 0;
                left: 0;
                /* Black Color Overlay */
                content: "";
                opacity: 0.7;
                display: block;
                background: #000;
                height: 100%;
                width: 100%;
                /* prevents the cursor from interacting with it */
                pointer-events: none;
            }
        }

        .cs-container {
            position: relative;
            margin: auto;
            max-width: calc(1280 / 16 * 1em);
            width: 100%;
            /* we put the padding top and bottom on the container instead of #Hero so the pseudo element lines go to the top and bottom of the section */
            /* 144px - 280px - leaving extra space for the navigation */
            /* changes on tablet */
            padding: clamp(9em, 25.95vw, 17.5em) 0;

            &:before {
                position: absolute;
                top: 0;
                left: 0;
                /* Left Line */
                content: "";
                opacity: 1;
                display: block;
                background: -moz-linear-gradient(top, rgba(250, 251, 252, 0.5) 0%, rgba(250, 251, 252, 0) 100%); /* FF3.6-15 */
                background: -webkit-linear-gradient(top, rgba(250, 251, 252, 0.5) 0%, rgba(250, 251, 252, 0) 100%); /* Chrome10-25,Safari5.1-6 */
                height: 100%;
                width: 1px;
            }
        }

        .cs-flex-group {
            display: flex;
            flex-wrap: wrap;
            justify-content: center;
            align-items: flex-start;
            margin: auto;
            /* 60px - 220px */
            margin-bottom: clamp(3.75em, 15.5vw, 13.75em);
            /* 464px - 562px */
            max-width: clamp(29em, 60vw, 35.125em);
            width: 80vw;
            box-sizing: border-box;
        }

        .cs-topper {
            margin-bottom: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);
            color: var(--primary);
            text-align: center;
        }

        .cs-title {
            width: 100%;
            color: var(--bodyTextColorWhite);
            text-align: center;
        }

        .cs-text {
            /* 32px - 40px */
            margin: 0 auto clamp(2rem, 4vw, 2.5rem) 0;
            /* 40px - 48px */
            margin-bottom: clamp(2.5rem, 4vw, 3rem);
            color: var(--bodyTextColorWhite);
            text-align: center;
        }

        .cs-button-solid {
            margin-bottom: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);
            height: initial;
            line-height: clamp(2.875em, 5.5vw, 3.5em);
        }

        .cs-button-transparent {
            z-index: 1;
            position: relative;
            display: inline-flex;
            justify-content: center;
            align-items: center;
            border: 1px solid var(--bodyTextColorWhite);
            margin: 0 calc(8 / 16 * 1rem);
            background-color: transparent;
            /* 46px - 56px */
            height: clamp(2.875em, 5.5vw, 3.5em);
            width: calc(180 / 16 * 1rem);
            box-sizing: border-box;
            padding: 0;
            text-decoration: none;
            font-size: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);
            /* 46px - 56px */
            line-height: clamp(2.875em, 5.5vw, 3.5em);
            font-weight: 700;
            color: #fff;

            .cs-img {
                display: block;
                margin-right: calc(12 / 16 * 1rem);
            }

            &:before {
                z-index: -1;
                position: absolute;
                /* so it sits on top of the border */
                top: -1px;
                bottom: -1px;
                left: -1px;
                right: -1px;
                content: "";
                opacity: 1;
                /* this is what creates the grow affect on hover */
                transform: scaleX(0);
                display: block;
                background: #000;
                transition: transform 0.3s;
                transform-origin: left;
            }

            &:hover {
                &:before {
                    transform: scaleX(1);
                }
            }
        }
    }
}

/* Tablet - 768px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 48rem) {
    #hero {
        /* 32px - 40px */
        padding: 0 clamp(2em, 5vw, 2.5em);

        .cs-container {
            padding: clamp(7em, 27.95vw, 17.5em) 0 clamp(9em, 30.95vw, 23.5em) 0;
            &:after {
                position: absolute;
                top: 0;
                right: 0;
                /* Right Line */
                content: "";
                opacity: 1;
                display: block;
                background: -moz-linear-gradient(top, rgba(250, 251, 252, 0) 0%, rgba(250, 251, 252, 0.5) 100%); /* FF3.6-15 */
                background: -webkit-linear-gradient(top, rgba(250, 251, 252, 0) 0%, rgba(250, 251, 252, 0.5) 100%); /* Chrome10-25,Safari5.1-6 */
                height: 100%;
                width: 1px;
            }
        }

        .cs-button-solid {
            margin-right: calc(20 / 16 * 1rem);
            margin-bottom: 0;
        }
    }
}

/* Desktop Parallax Effect - 1300px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 81.25em) {
    #hero {
        background: url("/assets/images/landing.jpg");
        background-position: center;
        background-size: cover;
        background-repeat: no-repeat;
        /* creates parallax effect on background image */
        background-attachment: fixed;
    }
}

/* Dark Mode */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
    body.dark-mode {
        #hero {
            .cs-background {
                &:before {
                    opacity: 0.8;
                }
            }
        }
    }
}

/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---          Services          -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/

/* Mobile */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
    .services {
        z-index: 100;
        position: relative;
        border-top: calc(6 / 16 * 1em) solid var(--primary);
        border-radius: calc(5 / 16 * 1em);
        margin: auto;
        margin-top: calc(-167 / 16 * 1em);
        margin-bottom: calc(50 / 16 * 1em);
        background: #fff;
        max-width: calc(1320 / 16 * 1em);
        width: 90%;
        padding: calc(50 / 16 * 1em) calc(20 / 16 * 1em);
        box-shadow: 0px 20px 40px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.05);
        .card {
            display: block;
            margin: auto;
            margin-bottom: calc(50 / 16 * 1em);
            max-width: calc(357 / 16 * 1em);
            width: 100%;

            picture {
                display: flex;
                justify-content: center;
                align-items: center;
                border-radius: 50%;
                margin: auto;
                margin-bottom: calc(23 / 16 * 1em);
                background: var(--primary);
                height: calc(88 / 16 * 1em);
                width: calc(88 / 16 * 1em);

                img {
                    height: calc(48 / 16 * 1em);
                    width: calc(48 / 16 * 1em);
                }
            }
            h2 {
                margin-bottom: calc(13 / 20 * 1em);
                font-size: calc(32 / 16 * 1em);
                line-height: calc(27 / 20 * 1em);
                font-weight: 700;
                color: #1a1a1a;
                text-align: center;
            }
            p {
                opacity: 0.7;
                width: 100%;
                line-height: calc(24 / 18 * 1em);
                text-align: center;
            }
            &:last-of-type {
                margin-bottom: 0;
            }
        }
    }
}

/* Inbetween */
@media only screen and (min-width: 768px) {
    .services {
        display: flex;
        justify-content: space-between;
        align-items: flex-start;
        width: 98%;
        font-size: min(1.8vw, 1em);

        .card {
            margin: 0;
            max-width: calc(325 / 16 * 1em);
        }
    }
}

/* Large Desktop */
@media only screen and (min-width: 1300px) {
    .services {
        padding: calc(50 / 16 * 1em) calc(80 / 16 * 1em);

        .card {
            max-width: calc(357 / 16 * 1em);
        }
    }
}

/* Dark mode */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
    body.dark-mode {
        #services {
            background: var(--medium);

            picture {
                background: var(--primaryDark);
            }

            h2 {
                font-weight: bold;
                color: #fff;
            }
        }
    }
}

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\assets\sass\dark.scss`:

```````scss
/* DARK MODE AND TOGGLE STYLES */

/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---      Core Dark Styles      -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/

/* Mobile */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
    // Dark Mode Color Scheme
    :root {
        --dark: #082032;
        --medium: #2c394b;
        --accent: #334756;
    }

    body.dark-mode {
        background-color: var(--dark);

        p,
        li,
        h1,
        h2,
        h3,
        h4,
        h5,
        h6 {
            color: #fff;
        }

        // hide all light classes
        .light {
            display: none;
        }

        // show all dark classes
        .dark {
            display: block !important;
        }
    }

    .dark {
        display: none;
    }
}

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\assets\sass\local.scss`:

```````scss
/* PAGE-SPECIFIC STYLES FOR THE HOME PAGE */

/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---       Side By Side         -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/

/* Mobile - 360px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
    #sbs {
        padding: var(--sectionPadding);

        .cs-container {
            display: flex;
            flex-direction: column;
            justify-content: center;
            align-items: center;
            margin: auto;
            max-width: calc(1280 / 16 * 1rem);
            width: 100%;
            row-gap: calc(40 / 16 * 1rem);
        }

        .cs-left {
            position: relative;
            height: calc(636 / 16 * 1em);
            /* using ems so we can use font size to scale the whole section */
            width: calc(631 / 16 * 1em);
            /* scaling the font size with the view width */
            font-size: min(2.31vw, 0.7em);
        }

        .cs-picture {
            position: absolute;
            display: block;
            border-radius: calc(24 / 16 * 1em);
            /* clips img tag corners */
            overflow: hidden;
            img {
                position: absolute;
                top: 0;
                left: 0;
                height: 100%;
                width: 100%;
                /* makes image act like a background image */
                object-fit: cover;
            }
        }

        .cs-picture1 {
            top: 0;
            left: 0;
            height: calc(581 / 16 * 1em);
            width: calc(522 / 16 * 1em);
        }

        .cs-picture2 {
            bottom: 0;
            right: 0;
            /* 6px - 12px */
            border: clamp(0.375em, 1.5vw, 0.75em) solid #fff;
            background-color: #fff;
            height: calc(400 / 16 * 1em);
            width: calc(414 / 16 * 1em);
            box-shadow: rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1) 0px 0px 40px;
        }

        .cs-right {
            margin: auto;
            max-width: calc(542 / 16 * 1rem);
        }

        .cs-topper {
            margin-bottom: calc(4 / 16 * 1rem);
            text-align: left;
        }

        .cs-title {
            max-width: calc(800 / 16 * 1rem);
            text-align: left;
        }

        .cs-text {
            margin-bottom: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);
            max-width: calc(750 / 16 * 1rem);
            text-align: left;

            &:last-of-type {
                margin-bottom: calc(32 / 16 * 1rem);
            }
        }

        .cs-flex-group {
            position: relative;
            border-radius: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);
            background-color: #f7f7f7;
            /* 16px - 32px */
            padding: clamp(1rem, 3vw, 2rem);
        }

        .cs-flex-p {
            margin: 0 0 calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);
            /* 14px - 16px */
            font-size: clamp(0.875rem, 1.5vw, 1rem);
            line-height: 1.5em;
            color: #353535;
        }

        .cs-name {
            display: block;
            margin: 0 0 calc(4 / 16 * 1rem);
            text-transform: uppercase;
            font-size: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);
            line-height: 1.2em;
            font-weight: bold;
            color: var(--headerColor);
        }

        .cs-job {
            display: block;
            font-size: calc(14 / 16 * 1rem);
            line-height: 1.5em;
            color: #353535;
        }

        .cs-quote-icon {
            position: absolute;
            bottom: calc(0 / 16 * 1rem);
            /* 16px - 32px */
            right: clamp(1rem, 4vw, 2rem);
            height: auto;
            /* 60px - 136px */
            width: clamp(3.75rem, 10vw, 8.5rem);
        }

        .cs-button-solid {
            margin-top: calc(32 / 16 * 1rem);
        }
    }
}

/* Desktop - 1024px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 64rem) {
    #sbs {
        .cs-container {
            flex-flow: row;
            justify-content: space-between;
            gap: calc(52 / 16 * 1rem);
        }

        .cs-left {
            font-size: min(1.2vw, 1em);
            flex: none;
        }

        .cs-right {
            margin: 0;
        }
    }
}

/* Dark Mode */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
    body.dark-mode {
        #sbs {
            .cs-left {
                &:before,
                &:after {
                    background: var(--accent);
                }
            }

            .cs-picture2 {
                /* 6px - 12px */
                border: clamp(0.375em, 1.5vw, 0.75em) solid var(--dark);
                background-color: var(--dark);
            }

            .cs-topper {
                color: var(--primaryLight);
            }

            .cs-title,
            .cs-text,
            .cs-h3,
            .cs-flex-p,
            .cs-name {
                color: var(--bodyTextColorWhite);
            }

            .cs-flex-group {
                background-color: var(--accent);
            }

            .cs-job {
                opacity: 0.8;
                color: var(--bodyTextColorWhite);
            }

            .cs-quote-icon {
                opacity: 0.2;
            }
        }
    }
}

/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---       Side By Side         -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/

/* Mobile - 360px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
    #sbs-r {
        padding: var(--sectionPadding);

        .cs-container {
            display: flex;
            flex-direction: column;
            justify-content: center;
            align-items: center;
            margin: auto;
            max-width: calc(1280 / 16 * 1rem);
            width: 100%;
            row-gap: calc(40 / 16 * 1rem);
        }

        .cs-left {
            position: relative;
            height: calc(636 / 16 * 1em);
            /* using ems so we can use font size to scale the whole section */
            width: calc(631 / 16 * 1em);
            /* scaling the font size with the view width */
            font-size: min(2.31vw, 0.7em);
        }

        .cs-picture {
            position: absolute;
            display: block;
            border-radius: calc(24 / 16 * 1em);
            /* clips img tag corners */
            overflow: hidden;
            img {
                position: absolute;
                top: 0;
                left: 0;
                height: 100%;
                width: 100%;
                /* makes image act like a background image */
                object-fit: cover;
            }
        }

        .cs-picture1 {
            top: 0;
            right: 0;
            height: calc(581 / 16 * 1em);
            width: calc(522 / 16 * 1em);
        }

        .cs-picture2 {
            bottom: 0;
            left: 0;
            /* 6px - 12px */
            border: clamp(0.375em, 1.5vw, 0.75em) solid #fff;
            background-color: #fff;
            height: calc(400 / 16 * 1em);
            width: calc(414 / 16 * 1em);
            box-shadow: rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1) 0px 0px 40px;
        }

        .cs-right {
            margin: auto;
            max-width: calc(542 / 16 * 1rem);
        }

        .cs-topper {
            margin-bottom: calc(4 / 16 * 1rem);
            text-align: left;
        }

        .cs-title {
            max-width: calc(800 / 16 * 1rem);
            text-align: left;
        }

        .cs-text {
            margin-bottom: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);
            max-width: calc(750 / 16 * 1rem);
            text-align: left;
            &:last-of-type {
                margin-bottom: calc(32 / 16 * 1rem);
            }
        }

        .cs-flex-group {
            position: relative;
            border-radius: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);
            background-color: #f7f7f7;
            /* 16px - 32px */
            padding: clamp(1rem, 3vw, 2rem);
        }

        .cs-flex-p {
            margin: 0 0 calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);
            /* 14px - 16px */
            font-size: clamp(0.875rem, 1.5vw, 1rem);
            line-height: 1.5em;
            color: #353535;
        }

        .cs-name {
            display: block;
            margin: 0 0 calc(4 / 16 * 1rem);
            text-transform: uppercase;
            font-size: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);
            line-height: 1.2em;
            font-weight: bold;
            color: var(--headerColor);
        }

        .cs-job {
            display: block;
            font-size: calc(14 / 16 * 1rem);
            line-height: 1.5em;
            color: #353535;
        }

        .cs-quote-icon {
            position: absolute;
            bottom: calc(0 / 16 * 1rem);
            /* 16px - 32px */
            right: clamp(1rem, 4vw, 2rem);
            height: auto;
            /* 60px - 136px */
            width: clamp(3.75rem, 10vw, 8.5rem);
        }
    }
}

/* Desktop - 1024px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 64rem) {
    #sbs-r {
        .cs-container {
            flex-flow: row;
            justify-content: space-between;
            gap: calc(52 / 16 * 1rem);
        }

        .cs-left {
            /* sends it to the right */
            order: 2;
            font-size: min(1.2vw, 1em);
            flex: none;
        }

        .cs-right {
            margin: 0;
        }
    }
}

/* Dark Mode */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
    body.dark-mode {
        #sbs-r {
            .cs-left {
                &:before,
                &:after {
                    background: var(--accent);
                }
            }

            .cs-picture2 {
                /* 6px - 12px */
                border: clamp(0.375em, 1.5vw, 0.75em) solid var(--dark);
                background-color: var(--dark);
            }

            .cs-topper {
                color: var(--primaryLight);
            }

            .cs-title,
            .cs-text,
            .cs-h3,
            .cs-flex-p,
            .cs-name {
                color: var(--bodyTextColorWhite);
            }

            .cs-flex-group {
                background-color: var(--accent);
            }

            .cs-job {
                opacity: 0.8;
                color: var(--bodyTextColorWhite);
            }

            .cs-quote-icon {
                opacity: 0.2;
            }
        }
    }
}

/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---          Gallery           -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/

/* Mobile - 360px - Contains hover animation */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
    #gallery {
        position: relative;
        /* Prevents overflow from the image going off screen */
        overflow: hidden;
        padding: var(--sectionPadding);
        /* Centers button */
        text-align: center;
        .cs-container {
            margin: auto;
            max-width: calc(1322 / 16 * 1em);
            width: 100%;
        }

        .cs-topper {
            margin-bottom: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);
            text-align: center;
        }

        .cs-title {
            margin-bottom: calc(40 / 16 * 1rem);
            max-width: calc(621 / 16 * 1rem);
            text-align: center;
        }

        .cs-image-group {
            display: flex;
            justify-content: center;
            align-items: flex-start;
            margin: 0 auto calc(60 / 16 * 1rem);
            max-width: calc(1322 / 16 * 1em);
            width: 100%;
            padding: 0;
            /* used rem so it doesn't scale with the font size of on parent */
            font-size: min(1.1vw, 1em);
            gap: calc(30 / 16 * 1em);
        }

        .cs-row {
            display: flex;
            flex-direction: column;
            justify-content: flex-start;
            align-items: center;
            gap: calc(30 / 16 * 1em);
        }

        .cs-picture {
            position: relative;
            display: block;
            img {
                position: absolute;
                top: 0;
                left: 0;
                height: 100%;
                width: 100%;
                object-fit: cover;
            }
        }

        .cs-row-1 {
            .cs-picture1 {
                height: calc(567 / 16 * 1em);
                width: calc(420 / 16 * 1em);
            }

            .cs-picture2 {
                height: calc(629 / 16 * 1em);
                width: calc(420 / 16 * 1em);
            }

            .cs-picture3 {
                height: calc(512 / 16 * 1em);
                width: calc(420 / 16 * 1em);
            }
        }

        .cs-row-2 {
            .cs-picture1 {
                height: calc(492 / 16 * 1em);
                width: calc(420 / 16 * 1em);
            }

            .cs-picture2 {
                height: calc(517 / 16 * 1em);
                width: calc(420 / 16 * 1em);
            }

            .cs-picture3 {
                height: calc(629 / 16 * 1em);
                width: calc(420 / 16 * 1em);
            }
        }

        .cs-row-3 {
            .cs-picture1 {
                height: calc(625 / 16 * 1em);
                width: calc(420 / 16 * 1em);
            }

            .cs-picture2 {
                height: calc(452 / 16 * 1em);
                width: calc(420 / 16 * 1em);
            }

            .cs-picture3 {
                height: calc(629 / 16 * 1em);
                width: calc(420 / 16 * 1em);
            }
        }
    }
}

/* Dark mode */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
    body.dark-mode {
        #gallery {
            .cs-title {
                color: var(--bodyTextColorWhite);
            }
        }
    }
}

/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---          Reviews           -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/

/* Mobile - 360px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
    #reviews {
        padding: var(--sectionPadding);
        /* Centers the button */
        text-align: center;

        .cs-container {
            margin: auto;
            max-width: calc(1104 / 16 * 1rem);
            width: 100%;
        }

        .cs-topper {
            margin-bottom: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);
            text-align: center;
        }

        .cs-title {
            max-width: calc(700 / 16 * 1rem);
            text-align: center;
        }

        .cs-text {
            /* 88px - 104px */
            margin-bottom: clamp(5.5em, 10.2vw, 6.5em);
            max-width: calc(650 / 16 * 1rem);
            text-align: center;
        }

        .cs-card-group {
            /* 48px - 64px */
            margin: 0 auto clamp(3rem, 5vw, 4rem);
            padding: 0;
        }

        .cs-item {
            position: relative;
            display: flex;
            flex-wrap: wrap;
            justify-content: space-between;
            align-items: center;
            border-radius: calc(4 / 16 * 1rem);
            margin: 0 auto calc(64 / 16 * 1rem);
            background: #fff;
            max-width: calc(542 / 16 * 1rem);
            width: 100%;
            /* Prevents padding from affecting height & width */
            box-sizing: border-box;
            /* Padding L & R - 16px - 32px */
            padding: calc(60 / 16 * 1rem) clamp(1rem, 3.2vw, 2rem) 0;
            /* 32px - 40px */
            padding-bottom: clamp(2rem, 5.4vw, 2.5rem);
            list-style: none;
            text-align: left;
            box-shadow: 0px 20px 39px 0px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.05);

            &:last-of-type {
                margin-bottom: 0;
            }
        }

        .cs-item-img {
            position: absolute;
            top: calc(-40 / 16 * 1rem);
            height: calc(80 / 16 * 1rem);
            width: calc(80 / 16 * 1rem);
        }

        .cs-item-p {
            border-bottom: 1px solid #e8e9ec;
            margin: 0 0 calc(20 / 16 * 1rem);
            padding-bottom: calc(20 / 16 * 1rem);
            font-size: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);
            line-height: 1.5em;
            color: var(--bodyTextColor);
        }

        .cs-reviewer {
            display: block;
            margin: 0 auto 0 0;
            width: 40%;
            font-size: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);
            line-height: 1.5em;
            font-weight: 700;
            color: var(--headerColor);
        }

        .cs-desc {
            display: block;
            font-size: calc(14 / 16 * 1rem);
            font-weight: 400;
            color: var(#353535);
        }

        .cs-item-stars {
            height: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);
            width: calc(96 / 16 * 1rem);
        }
    }
}

/* Tablet - 768px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 48rem) {
    #reviews {
        .cs-card-group {
            display: flex;
            justify-content: space-between;
            align-items: center;
            gap: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);
        }

        .cs-item {
            /* reset margin so it won't interfere with flexbox */
            margin: 0;
        }
    }
}

/* Dark Mode */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
    body.dark-mode {
        #reviews {
            .cs-title,
            .cs-text,
            .cs-item-p,
            .cs-reviewer {
                color: var(--bodyTextColorWhite);
            }

            .cs-item {
                background: var(--medium);
            }

            .cs-desc {
                color: var(--primaryLight);
            }
        }
    }
}

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\assets\sass\projects.scss`:

```````scss
/* PAGE-SPECIFIC STYLES FOR THE PROJECTS PAGE */

/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---          Gallery           -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/

/* Mobile - 360px - Contains hover animation */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
    #gallery {
        position: relative;
        /* Prevents overflow from the image going off screen */
        overflow: hidden;
        padding: var(--sectionPadding);
        /* Centers button */
        text-align: center;
        .cs-container {
            margin: auto;
            max-width: calc(1322 / 16 * 1em);
            width: 100%;
        }

        .cs-image-group {
            display: flex;
            justify-content: center;
            align-items: flex-start;
            margin: 0 auto calc(60 / 16 * 1rem);
            max-width: calc(1322 / 16 * 1em);
            width: 100%;
            padding: 0;
            /* used rem so it doesn't scale with the font size of on parent */
            font-size: min(1.1vw, 1em);
            gap: calc(30 / 16 * 1em);
        }

        .cs-row {
            display: flex;
            flex-direction: column;
            justify-content: flex-start;
            align-items: center;
            gap: calc(30 / 16 * 1em);
        }

        .cs-picture {
            position: relative;
            display: block;
            img {
                position: absolute;
                top: 0;
                left: 0;
                height: 100%;
                width: 100%;
                object-fit: cover;
            }
        }

        .cs-row-1 {
            .cs-picture1 {
                height: calc(567 / 16 * 1em);
                width: calc(420 / 16 * 1em);
            }

            .cs-picture2 {
                height: calc(629 / 16 * 1em);
                width: calc(420 / 16 * 1em);
            }

            .cs-picture3 {
                height: calc(512 / 16 * 1em);
                width: calc(420 / 16 * 1em);
            }
        }

        .cs-row-2 {
            .cs-picture1 {
                height: calc(492 / 16 * 1em);
                width: calc(420 / 16 * 1em);
            }

            .cs-picture2 {
                height: calc(517 / 16 * 1em);
                width: calc(420 / 16 * 1em);
            }

            .cs-picture3 {
                height: calc(629 / 16 * 1em);
                width: calc(420 / 16 * 1em);
            }
        }

        .cs-row-3 {
            .cs-picture1 {
                height: calc(625 / 16 * 1em);
                width: calc(420 / 16 * 1em);
            }

            .cs-picture2 {
                height: calc(452 / 16 * 1em);
                width: calc(420 / 16 * 1em);
            }

            .cs-picture3 {
                height: calc(629 / 16 * 1em);
                width: calc(420 / 16 * 1em);
            }
        }
    }
}

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\assets\sass\reviews.scss`:

```````scss
/* PAGE-SPECIFIC STYLES FOR THE REVIEWS PAGE */

/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---           Reviews          -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/

/* Mobile */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
    #reviews {
        margin: auto;
        padding-top: calc(120 / 16 * 1rem);
        padding-bottom: calc(50 / 16 * 1rem);

        .container {
            max-width: calc(1320 / 16 * 1rem);
            width: 96%;
        }

        .review {
            position: relative;
            display: flex;
            flex-direction: column;
            border-radius: calc(5 / 16 * 1rem);
            margin: auto;
            margin-bottom: calc(100 / 16 * 1rem);
            background: #fff;
            max-width: calc(410 / 16 * 1rem);
            width: 100%;
            padding: calc(64 / 16 * 1rem) calc(30 / 16 * 1rem) calc(18 / 16 * 1rem) calc(30 / 16 * 1rem);
            box-shadow: 0px 20px 40px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.05);

            .profile {
                position: absolute;
                top: calc(-51 / 16 * 1rem);
                left: calc(30 / 16 * 1rem);
                display: block;
                border-radius: 50%;
                margin-bottom: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);
                margin-left: 0;
                height: calc(99 / 16 * 1rem);
                width: calc(99 / 16 * 1rem);
            }

            p {
                margin-bottom: calc(28 / 16 * 1rem);
                line-height: 1.5em;
                text-align: left;
            }

            .star-group {
                display: flex;
                flex-wrap: nowrap;
                justify-content: space-between;
                align-items: center;
                border-top: 1px solid #e7e7e7;
                margin-top: auto;
                padding-top: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);

                .name {
                    display: block;
                    line-height: calc(24 / 16 * 1rem);
                    font-weight: bold;
                    color: #1a1a1a;
                    text-align: left;
                }

                .desc {
                    display: block;
                    font-weight: 400;
                    color: #575757;
                }

                img {
                    display: block;
                    margin: 0;
                    height: calc(15 / 16 * 1rem);
                    width: calc(91 / 16 * 1rem);
                }
            }
            &:last-of-type {
                margin-bottom: 0;
            }
        }
    }
}

/* Tablet */
@media only screen and (min-width: 48rem) {
    #reviews {
        padding-top: calc(150 / 16 * 1rem);
        padding-bottom: calc(50 / 16 * 1rem);

        .container {
            display: flex;
            flex-wrap: wrap;
            justify-content: center;
            padding: 0;
            font-size: min(1.4vw, 1em);
            column-gap: calc(30 / 16 * 1rem);
        }

        .review {
            margin: 0;
            margin-bottom: calc(150 / 16 * 1rem);

            &:last-of-type {
                margin-bottom: calc(150 / 16 * 1rem);
            }
        }
    }
}

/* Dark Mode */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
    body.dark-mode {
        #reviews {
            .review {
                background: var(--medium);

                .name {
                    color: #fff;
                }

                .desc {
                    opacity: 0.7;
                    color: #fff;
                }
            }
        }
    }
}

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\assets\sass\root.scss`:

```````scss
/* CODESTITCH STYLES, RESET, HEADER/NAVIGATION AND FOOTER */

/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---        Core Styles         -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/

/* CodeStitch Root and Helpers */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
    // Website colors
    :root {
        --primary: #ffba19;
        --primaryLight: #ffd675;
        --secondary: #001f3f;
        --secondaryLight: #001f3f;
        --headerColor: #1a1a1a;
        --bodyTextColor: #4e4b66;
        --bodyTextColorWhite: #fafbfc;

        /* 13px - 16px */
        --topperFontSize: clamp(0.8125rem, 1.6vw, 1rem);
        /* 31px - 49px */
        --headerFontSize: clamp(1.9375rem, 3.9vw, 3.0625rem);
        --bodyFontSize: 1rem;

        /* 60px - 100px top and bottom */
        --sectionPadding: clamp(3.75rem, 7.82vw, 6.25rem) 1rem;
    }

    // Text styles - can be replaced using CodeStitch's "Content Flair" Stitches
    .cs-topper {
        display: block;
        margin-bottom: 0.25rem;
        text-transform: uppercase;
        letter-spacing: 0.1em;
        font-size: var(--topperFontSize);
        line-height: 1.2em;
        font-weight: 700;
        color: var(--primary);
        text-align: inherit;
    }

    .cs-title {
        position: relative;
        margin: 0 0 1rem 0;
        max-width: 43.75rem;
        font-size: var(--headerFontSize);
        line-height: 1.2em;
        font-weight: 900;
        color: var(--headerColor);
        text-align: inherit;
    }

    .cs-text {
        margin: 0;
        max-width: 40.625rem;
        width: 100%;
        font-size: var(--bodyFontSize);
        line-height: 1.5em;
        color: var(--bodyTextColor);
        text-align: inherit;
    }

    // Button - can be replaced using CodeStitch's "Button" Stitches
    .cs-button-solid {
        z-index: 1;
        position: relative;
        display: inline-block;
        background-color: var(--primary);
        width: auto;
        padding: 0 calc(30 / 16 * 1rem);
        text-decoration: none;
        text-transform: uppercase;
        font-size: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);
        line-height: calc(50 / 16 * 1em);
        font-weight: bold;

        // Transition Properties
        color: #000;
        transition: color 0.3s;
        transition-delay: 0.1s;
        text-align: center;

        &:hover {
            color: #fff;
            &:before {
                width: 100%;
            }
        }

        &:before {
            z-index: -1;
            position: absolute;
            top: 0;
            left: 0;
            content: "";
            opacity: 1;
            display: block;
            background-color: #000;
            height: 100%;

            //Transition properties
            width: 0;
            transition: width 0.3s;
        }
    }

    .cs-hide-on-mobile {
        display: none;
    }
}

/* Desktop - 1024px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 64rem) {
    .cs-hide-on-mobile {
        display: block;
    }

    .cs-hide-on-desktop {
        display: none;
    }
}

/* Fonts and general styles */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
    body,
    html {
        margin: 0;
        overflow-x: hidden;
        padding: 0;
        font-family: "Roboto", Arial, sans-serif;
        font-size: 100%;
        color: var(--bodyTextColor);
    }

    *,
    *:before,
    *:after {
        margin: 0;
        box-sizing: border-box;
        padding: 0;
    }

    body {
        transition: background-color 0.3s;
    }

    .container {
        position: relative;
        margin: auto;
        width: 92%;
    }

    h1,
    h2,
    h3,
    h4,
    h5,
    h6 {
        margin: 0;
        color: var(--headerColor);
    }

    p,
    li,
    a {
        margin: 0;
        font-size: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);
        line-height: 1.5em;
    }

    p,
    li {
        color: #353535;
    }

    a,
    button {
        &:hover {
            cursor: pointer;
        }
    }

    // Hidden Screen reader skip nav button
    .skip {
        z-index: -1111111;
        position: absolute;
        top: 0;
        left: 0;
        opacity: 0;
    }
    // Grab your fonts to locally host from https://google-webfonts-helper.herokuapp.com/fonts

    /* roboto-regular - latin */
    @font-face {
        font-style: normal;
        font-family: "Roboto";
        font-weight: 400;
        font-display: swap;
        src: local(""), url("/assets/fonts/roboto-v29-latin-regular.woff2") format("woff2"),
            /* Chrome 26+, Opera 23+, Firefox 39+ */ url("/assets/fonts/roboto-v29-latin-regular.woff") format("woff"); /* Chrome 6+, Firefox 3.6+, IE 9+, Safari 5.1+ */
    }
    /* roboto-700 - latin */
    @font-face {
        font-style: normal;
        font-family: "Roboto";
        font-weight: 700;
        font-display: swap;
        src: local(""), url("/assets/fonts/roboto-v29-latin-700.woff2") format("woff2"),
            /* Chrome 26+, Opera 23+, Firefox 39+ */ url("/assets/fonts/roboto-v29-latin-700.woff") format("woff"); /* Chrome 6+, Firefox 3.6+, IE 9+, Safari 5.1+ */
    }
    /* roboto-900 - latin */
    @font-face {
        font-style: normal;
        font-family: "Roboto";
        font-weight: 900;
        font-display: swap;
        src: local(""), url("/assets/fonts/roboto-v29-latin-900.woff2") format("woff2"),
            /* Chrome 26+, Opera 23+, Firefox 39+ */ url("/assets/fonts/roboto-v29-latin-900.woff") format("woff"); /* Chrome 6+, Firefox 3.6+, IE 9+, Safari 5.1+ */
    }
}

/* Reset Margins */
@media only screen and (min-width: 1024px) {
    body,
    html {
        margin: 0;
        padding: 0;
    }
}

/* Scale full website with the viewport width */
@media only screen and (min-width: 3000px) {
    body,
    html {
        font-size: 0.55vw;
    }
}

/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---      Dark Mode Toggle      -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/

/* Mobile - 360px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
    body.dark-mode {
        #dark-mode-toggle {
            .cs-sun {
                opacity: 1;
                transform: translate(-50%, -50%);
            }

            .cs-moon {
                opacity: 0;
                transform: translate(-50%, -150%);
                fill: #fff;
            }
        }
    }

    #dark-mode-toggle {
        z-index: 1000;
        position: absolute;
        top: calc(10 / 16 * 1rem);
        right: calc(70 / 16 * 1rem);
        display: block;
        border: none;
        background: transparent;
        height: calc(48 / 16 * 1rem);
        width: calc(48 / 16 * 1rem);
        overflow: hidden;
        padding: 0;

        img,
        svg {
            //center image inside button
            position: absolute;
            top: 50%;
            left: 50%;
            transform: translate(-50%, -50%);
            height: calc(20 / 16 * 1rem);
            width: calc(20 / 16 * 1rem);
            pointer-events: none;
        }

        .cs-moon {
            z-index: 2;
            // Transition properties
            transition: transform 0.3s, opacity 0.3s;

            // fill: yellow; --> uncomment to change the color of the moon if needed
        }

        .cs-sun {
            z-index: 1;
            opacity: 0;
            // Transition property
            transform: translate(-50%, 100%);
            transition: transform 0.3s, opacity 0.3s;
        }
    }
}

/* Desktop - 1024px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 64rem) {
    #dark-mode-toggle {
        position: relative;
        top: auto;
        right: auto;
        transform: none;
        margin: 0;

        &:hover {
            cursor: pointer;
        }
    }
}

/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---     Mobile Navigation      -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/

/* Mobile - 1023px */
@media only screen and (max-width: 63.9375rem) {
    body {
        &.cs-open {
            overflow: hidden;
        }
    }

    #cs-navigation {
        z-index: 10000;
        position: fixed;
        background-color: #fff;
        width: 100%;
        /* prevents padding from affecting height and width */
        box-sizing: border-box;
        padding: calc(12 / 16 * 1rem) calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);
        /* remove the font family so the Stitch inherits the fonts from your global stylesheet */
        font-family: "Roboto", "Arial", sans-serif;
        box-shadow: rgba(149, 157, 165, 0.2) 0px 8px 24px;

        .cs-container {
            display: flex;
            justify-content: flex-end;
            align-items: center;
            width: 100%;
        }

        .cs-logo {
            z-index: 10;
            display: flex;
            justify-content: center;
            align-items: center;
            margin: 0 auto 0 0;
            height: 100%;
            max-width: calc(146 / 16 * 1rem);
            width: 40%;
            /* prevents padding from affecting height and width */
            box-sizing: border-box;
            padding: 0;

            img {
                height: 100%;
                width: 100%;
                /* ensures the image never overflows the container. It stays contained within it's width and height and expands to fill it then stops once it reaches an edge */
                object-fit: contain;
                /* places the image to the left edge of the parent */
                object-position: left;
            }
        }

        .cs-toggle {
            display: flex;
            justify-content: center;
            align-items: center;
            border: none;
            border-radius: calc(4 / 16 * 1rem);
            margin: 0 0 0 auto;
            background-color: transparent;
            height: clamp(2.75rem, 6vw, 3rem);
            /* 44px - 48px */
            width: clamp(2.75rem, 6vw, 3rem);
        }

        .cs-active {
            .cs-line1 {
                top: 50%;
                transform: translate(-50%, -50%) rotate(225deg);
            }

            .cs-line2 {
                top: 50%;
                transform: translate(-50%, -50%) translateY(0) rotate(-225deg);
                transform-origin: center;
            }

            .cs-line3 {
                bottom: 100%;
                opacity: 0;
            }
        }

        .cs-box {
            position: relative;
            /* 14px - 16px */
            height: clamp(0.875rem, 1.5vw, 1rem);
            /* 24px - 28px */
            width: clamp(1.5rem, 2vw, 1.75rem);
        }

        .cs-line {
            position: absolute;
            left: 50%;
            transform: translateX(-50%);
            border-radius: 2px;
            background-color: #1a1a1a;
            height: 2px;
            width: 100%;
        }

        .cs-line1 {
            top: 0;
            transition: transform 0.5s, top 0.3s, left 0.3s;
            animation-duration: 0.7s;
            animation-timing-function: ease;
            animation-direction: normal;
            animation-fill-mode: forwards;
            transform-origin: center;
        }

        .cs-line2 {
            top: 50%;
            transform: translateX(-50%) translateY(-50%);
            transition: top 0.3s, left 0.3s, transform 0.5s;
            animation-duration: 0.7s;
            animation-timing-function: ease;
            animation-direction: normal;
            animation-fill-mode: forwards;
        }

        .cs-line3 {
            bottom: 0;
            transition: bottom 0.3s, opacity 0.3s;
        }

        .cs-ul-wrapper {
            z-index: -1;
            position: absolute;
            top: 100%;
            left: auto;
            right: 0;
            opacity: 0;
            visibility: hidden;
            transform: scaleX(0);
            background-color: #fff;
            height: 100vh;
            overflow: hidden;
            transition: transform 0.4s, opacity 0.3s;
            box-shadow: inset rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2) 0px 8px 24px;
            transform-origin: top right;
        }

        .cs-ul {
            display: flex;
            flex-direction: column;
            justify-content: flex-start;
            align-items: flex-end;
            margin: 0;
            height: 65vh;
            min-width: 40%;
            width: auto;
            overflow: scroll;
            /* 28px - 40px */
            padding: calc(48 / 16 * 1rem) clamp(1.75rem, 3vw, 2.5rem) calc(32 / 16 * 1rem) calc(70 / 16 * 1rem);
            gap: calc(20 / 16 * 1rem);
        }

        .cs-li {
            opacity: 0;
            /* transition from these values */
            transform: translateX(calc(-40 / 16 * 1rem));
            margin-right: 0;
            width: 100%;
            list-style: none;
            transition: transform 0.6s, opacity 0.9s;
            text-align: right;

            &:nth-of-type(1) {
                transition-delay: 0.05s;
            }
            &:nth-of-type(2) {
                transition-delay: 0.1s;
            }
            &:nth-of-type(3) {
                transition-delay: 0.15s;
            }
            &:nth-of-type(4) {
                transition-delay: 0.2s;
            }
            &:nth-of-type(5) {
                transition-delay: 0.25s;
            }
            &:nth-of-type(6) {
                transition-delay: 0.3s;
            }
            &:nth-of-type(7) {
                transition-delay: 0.35s;
            }
            &:nth-of-type(8) {
                transition-delay: 0.4s;
            }
            &:nth-of-type(9) {
                transition-delay: 0.45s;
            }
        }

        .cs-li-link {
            position: relative;
            display: inline-block;
            margin: 0;
            text-decoration: none;
            /* 16px - 24px */
            font-size: clamp(1rem, 2.5vw, 1.5rem);
            line-height: 1.2em;
            color: var(--headerColor);

            &:before {
                position: absolute;
                bottom: calc(-2 / 16 * 1rem);
                left: 0;
                /* active state underline */
                content: "";
                opacity: 1;
                display: none;
                background: currentColor;
                height: 1px;
                width: 100%;
            }

            &.cs-active {
                &:before {
                    display: block;
                }
            }
        }

        .cs-button-solid {
            display: none;
        }

        &:before {
            z-index: -11;
            position: absolute;
            top: 100%;
            right: 0;
            /* black blurred overlay */
            content: "";
            opacity: 0;
            display: block;
            background: rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.6);
            height: 100vh;
            width: 0%;
            transition: width 0.5s, opacity 0.3s;
            -webkit-backdrop-filter: blur(10px);
            backdrop-filter: blur(10px);
        }

        &.cs-active {
            .cs-ul-wrapper {
                opacity: 1;
                visibility: visible;
                transform: scaleX(1);
                transition-delay: 0.2s;
            }

            .cs-li {
                opacity: 1;
                transform: translateX(0);
            }
            &:before {
                opacity: 1;
                width: 100%;
            }
        }
    }
}

/* Dark Mode */
@media only screen and (max-width: 63.9375rem) {
    body.dark-mode {
        #cs-navigation {
            background-color: var(--dark);

            .cs-logo {
                /* makes it white */
                filter: grayscale(1) brightness(1000%);
            }

            .cs-line {
                background-color: #fff;
            }

            .cs-ul-wrapper {
                background-color: var(--medium);
            }

            .cs-li-link {
                color: var(--bodyTextColorWhite);
            }
        }
    }
}

/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---     Navigation Dropdown    -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/

/* Mobile - 1023px */
@media only screen and (max-width: 63.9375rem) {
    #cs-navigation {
        .cs-dropdown {
            position: relative;
            color: var(--bodyTextColorWhite);

            .cs-li-link {
                position: relative;
                transition: opacity 0.3s;
            }

            &.cs-active {
                .cs-drop-ul {
                    visibility: visible;
                    opacity: 1;
                    transform: scale(1);
                    margin: calc(12 / 16 * 1rem) 0 0 0;
                    height: auto;
                    padding: calc(24 / 16 * 1rem);
                }

                .cs-drop-link {
                    opacity: 1;
                }
            }
        }

        .cs-dropdown-button {
            border: none;
            background-color: transparent;
            font-family: inherit;
            font-size: clamp(1rem, 2.5vw, 1.5rem);
            cursor: pointer;
            appearance: none;
        }

        .cs-drop-icon {
            position: absolute;
            top: 50%;
            right: calc(-20 / 16 * 1rem);
            transform: translateY(-50%);
            height: auto;
            width: calc(15 / 16 * 1rem);
        }

        .cs-drop-ul {
            visibility: hidden;
            opacity: 0;
            transform: scale(0);
            display: flex;
            flex-direction: column;
            justify-content: flex-start;
            align-items: flex-end;
            margin: 0;
            background-color: var(--primary);
            height: 0;
            width: 100%;
            box-sizing: border-box;
            overflow: hidden;
            padding: 0 calc(24 / 16 * 1rem) 0 calc(24 / 16 * 1rem);
            transition: padding 0.3s, margin 0.3s, height 0.3s, opacity 0.3s, transform 0.3s, visibility 0.3s;
            gap: calc(12 / 16 * 1rem);
            transform-origin: top right;
        }

        .cs-drop-li {
            list-style: none;
            text-align: inherit;
        }

        .cs-li-link {
            &.cs-drop-link {
                /* 14px - 16px */
                font-size: clamp(0.875rem, 2vw, 1.25rem);
                color: #fff;
            }
        }
    }
}

/* Desktop - 1024px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 64rem) {
    #cs-navigation {
        .cs-dropdown {
            position: relative;

            &.cs-active,
            &:hover {
                cursor: pointer;
                .cs-drop-ul {
                    visibility: visible;
                    opacity: 1;
                    transform: scaleY(1);
                }

                .cs-drop-li {
                    opacity: 1;
                    transform: translateY(0);
                }
            }
        }

        .cs-dropdown-button {
            border: none;
            background-color: transparent;
            font-family: inherit;
            font-size: inherit;
            cursor: pointer;
            appearance: none;
        }

        .cs-drop-icon {
            display: inline-block;
            height: auto;
            width: calc(15 / 16 * 1rem);
        }

        .cs-drop-ul {
            z-index: -100;
            /* if you have 8 or more links in your dropdown nav, uncomment the columns property to make the list into 2 even columns. Change it to 3 or 4 if you need extra columns. Then remove the transition delays on the cs-drop-li so they don't have weird scattered animations */
            // columns: 2;
            position: absolute;
            top: 100%;
            visibility: hidden;
            opacity: 0;
            transform: scaleY(0);
            border-bottom: 5px solid var(--primary);
            margin: 0;
            background-color: #fff;
            min-width: calc(200 / 16 * 1rem);
            overflow: hidden;
            padding: 0;
            transition: transform 0.3s, visibility 0.3s, opacity 0.3s;
            box-shadow: rgba(149, 157, 165, 0.2) 0px 10px 16px;
            transform-origin: top;
        }

        .cs-drop-li {
            opacity: 0;
            transform: translateY(calc(-10 / 16 * 1rem));
            display: block;
            height: auto;
            width: 100%;
            list-style: none;
            text-decoration: none;
            font-size: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);
            color: var(--bodyTextColor);
            transition: opacity 0.6s, transform 0.6s;

            &:nth-of-type(1) {
                transition-delay: 0.05s;
            }
            &:nth-of-type(2) {
                transition-delay: 0.1s;
            }
            &:nth-of-type(3) {
                transition-delay: 0.15s;
            }
            &:nth-of-type(4) {
                transition-delay: 0.2s;
            }
            &:nth-of-type(5) {
                transition-delay: 0.25s;
            }
            &:nth-of-type(6) {
                transition-delay: 0.3s;
            }
            &:nth-of-type(7) {
                transition-delay: 0.35s;
            }
            &:nth-of-type(8) {
                transition-delay: 0.4s;
            }
            &:nth-of-type(9) {
                transition-delay: 0.45s;
            }
            &:nth-of-type(10) {
                transition-delay: 0.5s;
            }
            &:nth-of-type(11) {
                transition-delay: 0.55s;
            }
            &:nth-of-type(12) {
                transition-delay: 0.6s;
            }
            &:nth-of-type(13) {
                transition-delay: 0.65s;
            }
        }

        .cs-li-link {
            &.cs-drop-link {
                display: block;
                width: 100%;
                /* prevents padding from affecting height and width */
                box-sizing: border-box;
                padding: calc(12 / 16 * 1rem);
                white-space: nowrap;
                text-decoration: none;
                font-size: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);
                line-height: 1.5em;
                color: var(--bodyTextColor);
                transition: color 0.3s, background-color 0.3s;

                &:hover {
                    background-color: #f7f7f7;
                }

                &:focus-visible {
                    outline: 2px solid currentColor;
                    outline-offset: -4px;
                }

                &:before {
                    display: none;
                }
            }
        }
    }
}

/* Dark Mode */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
    body.dark-mode {
        #cs-navigation {
            .cs-drop-ul {
                background-color: var(--dark);
            }

            .cs-li-link {
                &.cs-drop-link {
                    &:hover {
                        background-color: var(--medium);
                    }
                }
            }

            .cs-drop-icon {
                /* turns it white */
                filter: grayscale(1) brightness(1000%);
            }
        }
    }
}

/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---     Desktop Navigation     -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/

/* Small Desktop - 1024px */
@media only screen and (min-width: 64rem) {
    #cs-navigation {
        z-index: 10000;
        position: fixed;
        background-color: #fff;
        width: 100%;
        /* prevents padding from affecting height and width */
        box-sizing: border-box;
        padding: 0 calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);
        /* remove the font family so the Stitch inherits the fonts from your global stylesheet */
        font-family: "Roboto", "Arial", sans-serif;
        box-shadow: rgba(149, 157, 165, 0.2) 0px 8px 24px;

        .cs-container {
            display: flex;
            justify-content: flex-end;
            align-items: center;
            margin: auto;
            max-width: calc(1280 / 16 * 1rem);
            width: 100%;
            gap: calc(24 / 16 * 1rem);
        }

        .cs-toggle {
            display: none;
        }

        .cs-logo {
            z-index: 100;
            display: flex;
            justify-content: center;
            align-items: center;
            /* margin-right auto pushes everything away from it to the right */
            margin: 0 auto 0 0;
            height: calc(65 / 16 * 1rem);
            max-width: calc(350 / 16 * 1rem);
            width: 18.4%;
            padding: 0;

            img {
                height: 100%;
                width: 100%;
                /* ensures the image never overflows the container. It stays contained within it's width and height and expands to fill it then stops once it reaches an edge */
                object-fit: contain;
            }
        }

        .cs-ul {
            display: flex;
            justify-content: flex-start;
            align-items: center;
            margin: 0;
            width: 100%;
            padding: 0;
            /* 20px - 36px */
            gap: clamp(1.25rem, 2.6vw, 2.25rem);
        }

        .cs-li {
            padding: calc(32 / 16 * 1rem) 0;
            list-style: none;
            /* prevent flexbox from squishing it */
            flex: none;
        }

        .cs-li-link {
            position: relative;
            display: block;
            margin: 0;
            text-decoration: none;
            /* 14px - 16px */
            font-size: clamp(0.875rem, 1vw, 1rem);
            line-height: 1.5em;
            color: var(--bodyTextColor);
            &:hover {
                &:before {
                    width: 100%;
                }
            }

            &:before {
                position: absolute;
                bottom: calc(0 / 16 * 1rem);
                left: 0;
                /* active state underline */
                content: "";
                opacity: 1;
                display: block;
                background: var(--primary);
                height: 2px;
                width: 0%;
                transition: width 0.3s;
            }

            &.cs-active {
                &:before {
                    width: 100%;
                }
            }
        }
    }
}

/* Dark Mode */
@media only screen and (min-width: 64rem) {
    body.dark-mode {
        #cs-navigation {
            background-color: var(--dark);

            .cs-logo {
                /* makes it turn white */
                filter: grayscale(1) brightness(1000%);
            }

            .cs-li-link {
                color: var(--bodyTextColorWhite);
            }

            .cs-li-link {
                &:before {
                    background-color: var(--primaryLight);
                }
            }
        }
    }
}

/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---   Interior Page Header     -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/

/* Mobile */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
    #int-hero {
        z-index: 1;
        position: relative;
        display: flex;
        flex-direction: column;
        justify-content: center;
        align-items: center;
        min-height: 30vh;
        padding-top: calc(50 / 16 * 1rem);

        picture {
            z-index: -2;
            position: absolute;
            top: 0;
            left: 0;
            height: 100%;
            width: 100%;

            img {
                position: absolute;
                top: 0;
                left: 0;
                height: 100%;
                width: 100%;
                object-fit: cover;
            }
        }

        h1 {
            position: relative;
            margin: 0 auto;
            margin-top: calc(70 / 16 * 1rem);
            margin-bottom: calc(30 / 16 * 1rem);
            max-width: calc(500 / 16 * 1rem);
            width: 96%;
            font-size: calc(64 / 30 * 1rem);
            color: #fff;
            text-align: center;
        }

        p {
            display: block;
            margin: auto;
            margin-bottom: calc(30 / 16 * 1rem);
            max-width: calc(400 / 16 * 1rem);
            width: 96%;
            color: #fff;
            text-align: center;
        }

        &:before {
            z-index: -1;
            position: absolute;
            top: 0;
            left: 0;
            content: "";
            opacity: 0.7;
            display: block;
            background: #000;
            height: 100%;
            width: 100%;
        }
    }
}

/* Tablet */
@media only screen and (min-width: 48rem) {
    #int-hero {
        font-size: 100%;

        h1 {
            font-size: calc(64 / 16 * 1rem);
        }
    }
}

/* Small Desktop */
@media only screen and (min-width: 64rem) {
    #int-hero {
        background-attachment: fixed;
        min-height: calc(300 / 16 * 1rem);
        height: auto;
        padding-top: calc(180 / 16 * 1rem);
        font-size: inherit;
        padding-block-end: calc(100 / 16 * 1rem);
    }
}

/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---    Final Call To Action    -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/

/* Mobile */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
    #cta {
        position: relative;
        padding: calc(50 / 16 * 1rem) 0;

        .container {
            text-align: center;
        }

        picture {
            z-index: -2;
            position: absolute;
            top: 0;
            left: 0;
            height: 100%;
            width: 100%;

            img {
                position: absolute;
                top: 0;
                left: 0;
                height: 100%;
                width: 100%;
                object-fit: cover;
            }
        }

        .title {
            position: relative;
            margin-bottom: calc(36 / 16 * 1rem);
            font-size: min(9vw, 3rem);
            line-height: calc(58 / 48 * 1em);
            font-weight: 900;
            color: #fff;
            text-align: center;
        }

        p {
            opacity: 1;
            margin: auto;
            margin-bottom: calc(36 / 16 * 1rem);
            max-width: calc(598 / 16 * 1rem);
            width: 96%;
            color: #fff;
            text-align: center;
        }

        &:before {
            z-index: -1;
            position: absolute;
            top: 0;
            left: 0;
            content: "";
            opacity: 0.7;
            display: block;
            background: #000;
            height: 100%;
            width: 100%;
        }
    }
}

/* Small Desktop */
@media only screen and (min-width: 64rem) {
    #cta {
        padding: calc(168 / 16 * 1rem) 0;
    }
}

/* Large Desktop */
@media only screen and (min-width: 1300px) {
    #cta {
        position: relative;
        margin-top: calc(100 / 16 * 1rem);
        .container {
            margin: auto;
            width: 90.0625%;
        }

        picture {
            left: 50%;
            transform: translateX(-50%);
            width: 90.0625%;

            &:before {
                z-index: 1;
                position: absolute;
                top: 0;
                left: 0;
                content: "";
                opacity: 0.7;
                display: block;
                background: #000;
                height: 100%;
                width: 100%;
            }
        }
        &:before {
            display: none;
        }
        &:after {
            z-index: -3;
            position: absolute;
            bottom: 0;
            left: 50%;
            content: "";
            opacity: 1;
            transform: translateX(-50%);
            display: block;
            background: url("/assets/svgs/cta-squares.svg");
            background-position: center;
            background-size: contain;
            background-repeat: no-repeat;
            height: calc(1108 / 16 * 1rem);
            width: calc(2000 / 16 * 1rem);
        }
    }
}

/* Dark Mode */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
    body.dark-mode {
        #cta {
            &:after {
                display: none;
            }
        }
    }
}

/*-- -------------------------- -->
<---           Footer           -->
<--- -------------------------- -*/

/* Mobile */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
    #footer {
        background: #1c1c1c;
        padding: calc(84 / 16 * 1rem) 0 calc(20 / 16 * 1rem);
        font-size: min(4vw, 1.2em);

        .left-section {
            margin: auto;
            margin-bottom: calc(50 / 16 * 1rem);
            text-align: center;
            .logo {
                display: inline-block;
                margin: auto;
                margin-bottom: calc(30 / 16 * 1em);
                height: calc(32 / 16 * 1em);
                width: auto;
                text-align: center;

                img {
                    display: block;
                    height: 100%;
                    width: auto;
                }
            }

            p {
                opacity: 0.9;
                margin: auto;
                width: 100%;
                font-size: calc(14 / 16 * 1rem);
                line-height: calc(27 / 14 * 1rem);
                color: #fff;
                text-align: center;
            }
        }

        .right-section {
            margin: auto;
            max-width: calc(407 / 16 * 1rem);
            width: 96%;
            .lists {
                display: flex;
                flex-wrap: wrap;
                justify-content: space-between;
                margin: auto;
                max-width: calc(307 / 16 * 1rem);
                width: 96%;
                ul {
                    margin-top: 0;
                    margin-bottom: 0;
                    padding: 0;

                    li {
                        opacity: 0.9;
                        margin-bottom: calc(12 / 16 * 1rem);
                        list-style: none;
                        font-size: calc(18 / 16 * 1rem);
                        color: #fff;

                        a {
                            text-decoration: none;
                            line-height: calc(21 / 18 * 1em);
                            color: #fff;
                            transition: color 0.3s;
                            &:hover {
                                color: var(--primary);
                            }
                        }
                    }
                    h2 {
                        position: relative;
                        margin-bottom: calc(37 / 16 * 1rem);
                        text-transform: uppercase;
                        font-size: calc(18 / 16 * 1rem);
                        line-height: calc(21 / 18 * 1em);
                        font-weight: bold;
                        color: #fff;

                        &:before {
                            position: absolute;
                            bottom: calc(-16 / 16 * 1rem);
                            left: 0;
                            content: "";
                            opacity: 1;
                            display: block;
                            background: var(--primary);
                            height: calc(2 / 16 * 1rem);
                            width: calc(97 / 16 * 1rem);
                        }
                    }

                    &:nth-of-type(3) {
                        margin-top: calc(50 / 16 * 1rem);
                        li {
                            display: flex;
                            justify-content: flex-start;
                            align-items: center;
                            margin-bottom: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);

                            &:last-of-type {
                                margin-bottom: 0;
                            }
                        }
                    }
                }
            }

            .buttons {
                display: flex;
                justify-content: center;
            }

            .cs-button-solid {
                margin: 0;
                height: calc(53 / 16 * 1rem);
                width: calc(250 / 16 * 1rem);
                padding-top: calc(3 / 16 * 1rem);
            }
        }

        .credit {
            margin: auto;
            margin-top: calc(100 / 16 * 1rem);
            width: 96%;
            font-size: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);
            line-height: calc(36 / 16 * 1rem);
            color: #fff;
            text-align: center;

            a {
                text-decoration: none;
                font-size: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);
                color: var(--primary);

                &:hover {
                    text-decoration: underline;
                }
            }

            .copyright {
                display: block;
                font-size: calc(16 / 16 * 1rem);
            }
        }
    }
}

/* Small Desktop */
@media only screen and (min-width: 64rem) {
    #footer {
        font-size: min(1.2vw, 1em);
        .container {
            display: flex;
            flex-direction: row;
            flex-wrap: nowrap;
            justify-content: space-between;
            margin: auto;
            max-width: calc(1320 / 16 * 1rem);
            width: 96%;
            padding: 0;
        }

        .left-section {
            margin: 0;
            width: calc(409 / 16 * 1rem);
            text-align: left;

            .logo {
                margin-left: 0;
                height: calc(40 / 16 * 1rem);
                text-align: left;
            }

            p {
                margin-left: 0;
                text-align: left;
            }
        }

        .right-section {
            margin: 0;
            max-width: none;
            width: calc(609 / 16 * 1rem);

            .lists {
                margin: 0;
                max-width: calc(769 / 16 * 1rem);
                width: 96%;

                ul {
                    li {
                        a {
                            position: relative;

                            &:before {
                                position: absolute;
                                bottom: calc(-3 / 16 * 1rem);
                                left: 0;
                                content: "";
                                opacity: 1;
                                display: block;
                                background: var(--primary);
                                height: calc(2 / 16 * 1rem);
                                width: 0%;
                                transition: width 0.3s;
                            }

                            &:hover {
                                &:before {
                                    width: 100%;
                                }
                            }
                        }
                    }
                    &:nth-of-type(3) {
                        margin-top: 0;

                        li:first-of-type {
                            margin-bottom: 0;
                        }
                    }
                }
            }

            .buttons {
                justify-content: flex-start;
            }
        }

        .credit {
            .copyright {
                display: inline-block;
            }
        }
    }
}

/* Dark Mode */
@media only screen and (min-width: 0rem) {
    body.dark-mode {
        #footer {
            background: #061623;
        }
    }
}

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\assets\svgs\check.svg`:

```````svg
<?xml version="1.0"?>
<svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:svgjs="http://svgjs.com/svgjs" version="1.1" width="512" height="512" x="0" y="0" viewBox="0 0 405.272 405.272" style="enable-background:new 0 0 512 512" xml:space="preserve" class=""><g>
<g xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
	<path d="M393.401,124.425L179.603,338.208c-15.832,15.835-41.514,15.835-57.361,0L11.878,227.836   c-15.838-15.835-15.838-41.52,0-57.358c15.841-15.841,41.521-15.841,57.355-0.006l81.698,81.699L336.037,67.064   c15.841-15.841,41.523-15.829,57.358,0C409.23,82.902,409.23,108.578,393.401,124.425z" fill="#ffba19" data-original="#000000" class=""/>
</g>
<g xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
</g>
<g xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
</g>
<g xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
</g>
<g xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
</g>
<g xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
</g>
<g xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
</g>
<g xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
</g>
<g xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
</g>
<g xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
</g>
<g xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
</g>
<g xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
</g>
<g xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
</g>
<g xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
</g>
<g xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
</g>
<g xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
</g>
</g></svg>

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\assets\svgs\content-circles.svg`:

```````svg
<svg width="461" height="516" viewBox="0 0 461 516" fill="none" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
<circle cx="6.64949" cy="6.64949" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="118.361" cy="6.64949" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="62.5052" cy="6.64949" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="341.784" cy="6.64949" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="453.495" cy="6.64949" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="397.639" cy="6.64949" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="174.217" cy="6.64949" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="285.928" cy="6.64949" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="230.072" cy="6.64949" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="6.64949" cy="174.217" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="118.361" cy="174.217" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="62.5052" cy="174.217" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="341.784" cy="174.217" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="453.495" cy="174.217" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="397.639" cy="174.217" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="174.217" cy="174.217" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="285.928" cy="174.217" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="230.072" cy="174.217" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="6.64949" cy="118.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="118.361" cy="118.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="62.5052" cy="118.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="341.784" cy="118.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="453.495" cy="118.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="397.639" cy="118.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="174.217" cy="118.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="285.928" cy="118.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="230.072" cy="118.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="6.64949" cy="62.5051" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="118.361" cy="62.5051" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="62.5052" cy="62.5051" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="341.784" cy="62.5051" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="453.495" cy="62.5051" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="397.639" cy="62.5051" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="174.217" cy="62.5051" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="285.928" cy="62.5051" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="230.072" cy="62.5051" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="6.64949" cy="230.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="118.361" cy="230.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="62.5052" cy="230.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="341.784" cy="230.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="453.495" cy="230.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="397.639" cy="230.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="174.217" cy="230.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="285.928" cy="230.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="230.072" cy="230.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="6.64949" cy="397.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="118.361" cy="397.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="62.5052" cy="397.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="341.784" cy="397.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="453.495" cy="397.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="397.639" cy="397.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="174.217" cy="397.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="285.928" cy="397.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="230.072" cy="397.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="6.64949" cy="341.784" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="118.361" cy="341.784" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="62.5052" cy="341.784" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="341.784" cy="341.784" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="453.495" cy="341.784" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="397.639" cy="341.784" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="174.217" cy="341.784" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="285.928" cy="341.784" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="230.072" cy="341.784" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="6.64949" cy="509.351" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="118.361" cy="509.351" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="62.5052" cy="509.351" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="341.784" cy="509.351" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="453.495" cy="509.351" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="397.639" cy="509.351" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="174.217" cy="509.351" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="285.928" cy="509.351" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="230.072" cy="509.351" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="6.64949" cy="453.495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="118.361" cy="453.495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="62.5052" cy="453.495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="341.784" cy="453.495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="453.495" cy="453.495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="397.639" cy="453.495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="174.217" cy="453.495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="285.928" cy="453.495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="230.072" cy="453.495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="6.64949" cy="285.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="118.361" cy="285.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="62.5052" cy="285.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="341.784" cy="285.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="453.495" cy="285.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="397.639" cy="285.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="174.217" cy="285.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="285.928" cy="285.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
<circle cx="230.072" cy="285.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.2"/>
</svg>

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\assets\svgs\cta-squares.svg`:

```````svg
<svg width="1920" height="1094" viewBox="0 0 1920 1094" fill="none" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
<circle cx="1020.65" cy="22.6495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1132.36" cy="22.6495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1076.51" cy="22.6495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1355.78" cy="22.6495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1467.49" cy="22.6495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1411.64" cy="22.6495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1188.22" cy="22.6495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1299.93" cy="22.6495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1244.07" cy="22.6495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1020.65" cy="190.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1132.36" cy="190.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1076.51" cy="190.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1355.78" cy="190.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1467.49" cy="190.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1411.64" cy="190.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1188.22" cy="190.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1299.93" cy="190.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1244.07" cy="190.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1020.65" cy="134.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1132.36" cy="134.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1076.51" cy="134.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1355.78" cy="134.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1467.49" cy="134.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1411.64" cy="134.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1188.22" cy="134.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1299.93" cy="134.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1244.07" cy="134.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1020.65" cy="78.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1132.36" cy="78.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1076.51" cy="78.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1355.78" cy="78.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1467.49" cy="78.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1411.64" cy="78.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1188.22" cy="78.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1299.93" cy="78.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1244.07" cy="78.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1020.65" cy="246.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1132.36" cy="246.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1076.51" cy="246.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1355.78" cy="246.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1467.49" cy="246.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1411.64" cy="246.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1188.22" cy="246.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1299.93" cy="246.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1244.07" cy="246.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1020.65" cy="413.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1132.36" cy="413.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1076.51" cy="413.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1355.78" cy="413.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1467.49" cy="413.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1411.64" cy="413.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1188.22" cy="413.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1299.93" cy="413.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1244.07" cy="413.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1020.65" cy="357.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1132.36" cy="357.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1076.51" cy="357.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1355.78" cy="357.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1467.49" cy="357.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1411.64" cy="357.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1188.22" cy="357.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1299.93" cy="357.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1244.07" cy="357.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1020.65" cy="525.351" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1132.36" cy="525.351" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1076.51" cy="525.351" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1355.78" cy="525.351" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1467.49" cy="525.351" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1411.64" cy="525.351" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1188.22" cy="525.351" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1299.93" cy="525.351" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1244.07" cy="525.351" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1020.65" cy="469.495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1132.36" cy="469.495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1076.51" cy="469.495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1355.78" cy="469.495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1467.49" cy="469.495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1411.64" cy="469.495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1188.22" cy="469.495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1299.93" cy="469.495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1244.07" cy="469.495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1020.65" cy="301.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1132.36" cy="301.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1076.51" cy="301.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1355.78" cy="301.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1467.49" cy="301.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1411.64" cy="301.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1188.22" cy="301.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1299.93" cy="301.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1244.07" cy="301.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1520.65" cy="22.6495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1632.36" cy="22.6495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1576.51" cy="22.6495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1855.78" cy="22.6495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1911.64" cy="22.6495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1688.22" cy="22.6495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1799.93" cy="22.6495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1744.07" cy="22.6495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1520.65" cy="190.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1632.36" cy="190.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1576.51" cy="190.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1855.78" cy="190.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1911.64" cy="190.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1688.22" cy="190.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1799.93" cy="190.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1744.07" cy="190.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1520.65" cy="134.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1632.36" cy="134.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1576.51" cy="134.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1855.78" cy="134.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1911.64" cy="134.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1688.22" cy="134.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1799.93" cy="134.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1744.07" cy="134.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1520.65" cy="78.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1632.36" cy="78.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1576.51" cy="78.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1855.78" cy="78.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1911.64" cy="78.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1688.22" cy="78.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1799.93" cy="78.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1744.07" cy="78.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1520.65" cy="246.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1632.36" cy="246.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1576.51" cy="246.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1855.78" cy="246.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1911.64" cy="246.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1688.22" cy="246.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1799.93" cy="246.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1744.07" cy="246.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1520.65" cy="413.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1632.36" cy="413.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1576.51" cy="413.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1855.78" cy="413.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1911.64" cy="413.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1688.22" cy="413.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1799.93" cy="413.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1744.07" cy="413.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1520.65" cy="357.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1632.36" cy="357.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1576.51" cy="357.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1855.78" cy="357.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1911.64" cy="357.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1688.22" cy="357.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1799.93" cy="357.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1744.07" cy="357.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1520.65" cy="525.351" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1632.36" cy="525.351" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1576.51" cy="525.351" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1855.78" cy="525.351" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1911.64" cy="525.351" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1688.22" cy="525.351" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1799.93" cy="525.351" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1744.07" cy="525.351" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1520.65" cy="469.495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1632.36" cy="469.495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1576.51" cy="469.495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1855.78" cy="469.495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1911.64" cy="469.495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1688.22" cy="469.495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1799.93" cy="469.495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1744.07" cy="469.495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1520.65" cy="301.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1632.36" cy="301.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1576.51" cy="301.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1855.78" cy="301.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1911.64" cy="301.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1688.22" cy="301.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1799.93" cy="301.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1744.07" cy="301.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1020.65" cy="584.649" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1132.36" cy="584.649" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1076.51" cy="584.649" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1355.78" cy="584.649" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1467.49" cy="584.649" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1411.64" cy="584.649" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1188.22" cy="584.649" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1299.93" cy="584.649" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1244.07" cy="584.649" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1020.65" cy="752.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1132.36" cy="752.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1076.51" cy="752.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1355.78" cy="752.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1467.49" cy="752.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1411.64" cy="752.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1188.22" cy="752.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1299.93" cy="752.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1244.07" cy="752.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1020.65" cy="696.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1132.36" cy="696.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1076.51" cy="696.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1355.78" cy="696.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1467.49" cy="696.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1411.64" cy="696.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1188.22" cy="696.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1299.93" cy="696.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1244.07" cy="696.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1020.65" cy="640.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1132.36" cy="640.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1076.51" cy="640.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1355.78" cy="640.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1467.49" cy="640.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1411.64" cy="640.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1188.22" cy="640.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1299.93" cy="640.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1244.07" cy="640.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1020.65" cy="808.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1132.36" cy="808.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1076.51" cy="808.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1355.78" cy="808.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1467.49" cy="808.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1411.64" cy="808.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1188.22" cy="808.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1299.93" cy="808.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1244.07" cy="808.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1020.65" cy="975.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1132.36" cy="975.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1076.51" cy="975.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1355.78" cy="975.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1467.49" cy="975.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1411.64" cy="975.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1188.22" cy="975.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1299.93" cy="975.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1244.07" cy="975.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1020.65" cy="919.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1132.36" cy="919.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1076.51" cy="919.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1355.78" cy="919.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1467.49" cy="919.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1411.64" cy="919.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1188.22" cy="919.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1299.93" cy="919.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1244.07" cy="919.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1020.65" cy="1087.35" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1132.36" cy="1087.35" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1076.51" cy="1087.35" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1355.78" cy="1087.35" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1467.49" cy="1087.35" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1411.64" cy="1087.35" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1188.22" cy="1087.35" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1299.93" cy="1087.35" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1244.07" cy="1087.35" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1020.65" cy="1031.49" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1132.36" cy="1031.49" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1076.51" cy="1031.49" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1355.78" cy="1031.49" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1467.49" cy="1031.49" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1411.64" cy="1031.49" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1188.22" cy="1031.49" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1299.93" cy="1031.49" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1244.07" cy="1031.49" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1020.65" cy="863.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1132.36" cy="863.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1076.51" cy="863.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1355.78" cy="863.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1467.49" cy="863.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1411.64" cy="863.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1188.22" cy="863.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1299.93" cy="863.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1244.07" cy="863.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1520.65" cy="584.649" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1632.36" cy="584.649" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1576.51" cy="584.649" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1855.78" cy="584.649" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1911.64" cy="584.649" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1688.22" cy="584.649" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1799.93" cy="584.649" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1744.07" cy="584.649" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1520.65" cy="752.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1632.36" cy="752.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1576.51" cy="752.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1855.78" cy="752.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1911.64" cy="752.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1688.22" cy="752.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1799.93" cy="752.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1744.07" cy="752.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1520.65" cy="696.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1632.36" cy="696.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1576.51" cy="696.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1855.78" cy="696.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1911.64" cy="696.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1688.22" cy="696.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1799.93" cy="696.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1744.07" cy="696.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1520.65" cy="640.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1632.36" cy="640.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1576.51" cy="640.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1855.78" cy="640.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1911.64" cy="640.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1688.22" cy="640.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1799.93" cy="640.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1744.07" cy="640.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1520.65" cy="808.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1632.36" cy="808.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1576.51" cy="808.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1855.78" cy="808.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1911.64" cy="808.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1688.22" cy="808.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1799.93" cy="808.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1744.07" cy="808.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1520.65" cy="975.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1632.36" cy="975.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1576.51" cy="975.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1855.78" cy="975.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1911.64" cy="975.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1688.22" cy="975.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1799.93" cy="975.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1744.07" cy="975.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1520.65" cy="919.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1632.36" cy="919.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1576.51" cy="919.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1855.78" cy="919.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1911.64" cy="919.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1688.22" cy="919.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1799.93" cy="919.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1744.07" cy="919.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1520.65" cy="1087.35" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1632.36" cy="1087.35" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1576.51" cy="1087.35" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1855.78" cy="1087.35" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1911.64" cy="1087.35" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1688.22" cy="1087.35" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1799.93" cy="1087.35" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1744.07" cy="1087.35" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1520.65" cy="1031.49" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1632.36" cy="1031.49" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1576.51" cy="1031.49" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1855.78" cy="1031.49" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1911.64" cy="1031.49" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1688.22" cy="1031.49" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1799.93" cy="1031.49" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1744.07" cy="1031.49" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1520.65" cy="863.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1632.36" cy="863.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1576.51" cy="863.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1855.78" cy="863.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1911.64" cy="863.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1688.22" cy="863.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1799.93" cy="863.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="1744.07" cy="863.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="7.64949" cy="22.6495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="119.361" cy="22.6495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="63.5051" cy="22.6495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="342.784" cy="22.6495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="454.495" cy="22.6495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="398.639" cy="22.6495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="175.217" cy="22.6495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="286.928" cy="22.6495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="231.072" cy="22.6495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="7.64949" cy="190.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="119.361" cy="190.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="63.5051" cy="190.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="342.784" cy="190.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="454.495" cy="190.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="398.639" cy="190.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="175.217" cy="190.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="286.928" cy="190.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="231.072" cy="190.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="7.64949" cy="134.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="119.361" cy="134.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="63.5051" cy="134.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="342.784" cy="134.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="454.495" cy="134.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="398.639" cy="134.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="175.217" cy="134.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="286.928" cy="134.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="231.072" cy="134.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="7.64949" cy="78.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="119.361" cy="78.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="63.5051" cy="78.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="342.784" cy="78.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="454.495" cy="78.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="398.639" cy="78.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="175.217" cy="78.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="286.928" cy="78.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="231.072" cy="78.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="7.64949" cy="246.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="119.361" cy="246.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="63.5051" cy="246.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="342.784" cy="246.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="454.495" cy="246.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="398.639" cy="246.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="175.217" cy="246.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="286.928" cy="246.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="231.072" cy="246.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="7.64949" cy="413.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="119.361" cy="413.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="63.5051" cy="413.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="342.784" cy="413.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="454.495" cy="413.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="398.639" cy="413.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="175.217" cy="413.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="286.928" cy="413.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="231.072" cy="413.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="7.64949" cy="357.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="119.361" cy="357.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="63.5051" cy="357.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="342.784" cy="357.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="454.495" cy="357.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="398.639" cy="357.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="175.217" cy="357.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="286.928" cy="357.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="231.072" cy="357.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="7.64949" cy="525.351" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="119.361" cy="525.351" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="63.5051" cy="525.351" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="342.784" cy="525.351" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="454.495" cy="525.351" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="398.639" cy="525.351" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="175.217" cy="525.351" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="286.928" cy="525.351" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="231.072" cy="525.351" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="7.64949" cy="469.495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="119.361" cy="469.495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="63.5051" cy="469.495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="342.784" cy="469.495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="454.495" cy="469.495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="398.639" cy="469.495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="175.217" cy="469.495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="286.928" cy="469.495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="231.072" cy="469.495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="7.64949" cy="301.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="119.361" cy="301.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="63.5051" cy="301.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="342.784" cy="301.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="454.495" cy="301.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="398.639" cy="301.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="175.217" cy="301.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="286.928" cy="301.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="231.072" cy="301.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="507.649" cy="22.6495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="619.361" cy="22.6495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="563.505" cy="22.6495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="842.784" cy="22.6495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="954.495" cy="22.6495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="898.639" cy="22.6495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="675.216" cy="22.6495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="786.928" cy="22.6495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="731.072" cy="22.6495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="507.649" cy="190.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="619.361" cy="190.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="563.505" cy="190.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="842.784" cy="190.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="954.495" cy="190.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="898.639" cy="190.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="675.216" cy="190.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="786.928" cy="190.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="731.072" cy="190.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="507.649" cy="134.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="619.361" cy="134.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="563.505" cy="134.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="842.784" cy="134.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="954.495" cy="134.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="898.639" cy="134.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="675.216" cy="134.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="786.928" cy="134.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="731.072" cy="134.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="507.649" cy="78.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="619.361" cy="78.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="563.505" cy="78.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="842.784" cy="78.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="954.495" cy="78.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="898.639" cy="78.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="675.216" cy="78.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="786.928" cy="78.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="731.072" cy="78.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="507.649" cy="246.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="619.361" cy="246.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="563.505" cy="246.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="842.784" cy="246.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="954.495" cy="246.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="898.639" cy="246.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="675.216" cy="246.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="786.928" cy="246.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="731.072" cy="246.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="507.649" cy="413.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="619.361" cy="413.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="563.505" cy="413.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="842.784" cy="413.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="954.495" cy="413.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="898.639" cy="413.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="675.216" cy="413.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="786.928" cy="413.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="731.072" cy="413.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="507.649" cy="357.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="619.361" cy="357.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="563.505" cy="357.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="842.784" cy="357.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="954.495" cy="357.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="898.639" cy="357.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="675.216" cy="357.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="786.928" cy="357.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="731.072" cy="357.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="507.649" cy="525.351" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="619.361" cy="525.351" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="563.505" cy="525.351" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="842.784" cy="525.351" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="954.495" cy="525.351" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="898.639" cy="525.351" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="675.216" cy="525.351" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="786.928" cy="525.351" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="731.072" cy="525.351" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="507.649" cy="469.495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="619.361" cy="469.495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="563.505" cy="469.495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="842.784" cy="469.495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="954.495" cy="469.495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="898.639" cy="469.495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="675.216" cy="469.495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="786.928" cy="469.495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="731.072" cy="469.495" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="507.649" cy="301.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="619.361" cy="301.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="563.505" cy="301.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="842.784" cy="301.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="954.495" cy="301.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="898.639" cy="301.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="675.216" cy="301.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="786.928" cy="301.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="731.072" cy="301.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="7.64949" cy="584.649" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="119.361" cy="584.649" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="63.5051" cy="584.649" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="342.784" cy="584.649" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="454.495" cy="584.649" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="398.639" cy="584.649" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="175.217" cy="584.649" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="286.928" cy="584.649" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="231.072" cy="584.649" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="7.64949" cy="752.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="119.361" cy="752.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="63.5051" cy="752.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="342.784" cy="752.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="454.495" cy="752.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="398.639" cy="752.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="175.217" cy="752.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="286.928" cy="752.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="231.072" cy="752.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="7.64949" cy="696.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="119.361" cy="696.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="63.5051" cy="696.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="342.784" cy="696.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="454.495" cy="696.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="398.639" cy="696.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="175.217" cy="696.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="286.928" cy="696.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="231.072" cy="696.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="7.64949" cy="640.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="119.361" cy="640.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="63.5051" cy="640.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="342.784" cy="640.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="454.495" cy="640.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="398.639" cy="640.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="175.217" cy="640.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="286.928" cy="640.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="231.072" cy="640.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="7.64949" cy="808.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="119.361" cy="808.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="63.5051" cy="808.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="342.784" cy="808.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="454.495" cy="808.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="398.639" cy="808.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="175.217" cy="808.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="286.928" cy="808.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="231.072" cy="808.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="7.64949" cy="975.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="119.361" cy="975.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="63.5051" cy="975.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="342.784" cy="975.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="454.495" cy="975.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="398.639" cy="975.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="175.217" cy="975.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="286.928" cy="975.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="231.072" cy="975.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="7.64949" cy="919.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="119.361" cy="919.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="63.5051" cy="919.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="342.784" cy="919.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="454.495" cy="919.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="398.639" cy="919.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="175.217" cy="919.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="286.928" cy="919.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="231.072" cy="919.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="7.64949" cy="1087.35" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="119.361" cy="1087.35" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="63.5051" cy="1087.35" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="342.784" cy="1087.35" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="454.495" cy="1087.35" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="398.639" cy="1087.35" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="175.217" cy="1087.35" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="286.928" cy="1087.35" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="231.072" cy="1087.35" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="7.64949" cy="1031.49" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="119.361" cy="1031.49" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="63.5051" cy="1031.49" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="342.784" cy="1031.49" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="454.495" cy="1031.49" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="398.639" cy="1031.49" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="175.217" cy="1031.49" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="286.928" cy="1031.49" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="231.072" cy="1031.49" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="7.64949" cy="863.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="119.361" cy="863.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="63.5051" cy="863.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="342.784" cy="863.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="454.495" cy="863.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="398.639" cy="863.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="175.217" cy="863.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="286.928" cy="863.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="231.072" cy="863.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="507.649" cy="584.649" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="619.361" cy="584.649" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="563.505" cy="584.649" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="842.784" cy="584.649" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="954.495" cy="584.649" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="898.639" cy="584.649" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="675.216" cy="584.649" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="786.928" cy="584.649" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="731.072" cy="584.649" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="507.649" cy="752.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="619.361" cy="752.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="563.505" cy="752.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="842.784" cy="752.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="954.495" cy="752.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="898.639" cy="752.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="675.216" cy="752.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="786.928" cy="752.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="731.072" cy="752.216" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="507.649" cy="696.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="619.361" cy="696.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="563.505" cy="696.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="842.784" cy="696.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="954.495" cy="696.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="898.639" cy="696.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="675.216" cy="696.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="786.928" cy="696.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="731.072" cy="696.361" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="507.649" cy="640.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="619.361" cy="640.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="563.505" cy="640.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="842.784" cy="640.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="954.495" cy="640.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="898.639" cy="640.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="675.216" cy="640.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="786.928" cy="640.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="731.072" cy="640.505" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="507.649" cy="808.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="619.361" cy="808.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="563.505" cy="808.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="842.784" cy="808.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="954.495" cy="808.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="898.639" cy="808.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="675.216" cy="808.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="786.928" cy="808.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="731.072" cy="808.072" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="507.649" cy="975.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="619.361" cy="975.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="563.505" cy="975.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="842.784" cy="975.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="954.495" cy="975.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="898.639" cy="975.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="675.216" cy="975.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="786.928" cy="975.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="731.072" cy="975.639" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="507.649" cy="919.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="619.361" cy="919.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="563.505" cy="919.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="842.784" cy="919.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="954.495" cy="919.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="898.639" cy="919.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="675.216" cy="919.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="786.928" cy="919.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="731.072" cy="919.783" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="507.649" cy="1087.35" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="619.361" cy="1087.35" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="563.505" cy="1087.35" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="842.784" cy="1087.35" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="954.495" cy="1087.35" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="898.639" cy="1087.35" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="675.216" cy="1087.35" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="786.928" cy="1087.35" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="731.072" cy="1087.35" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="507.649" cy="1031.49" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="619.361" cy="1031.49" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="563.505" cy="1031.49" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="842.784" cy="1031.49" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="954.495" cy="1031.49" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="898.639" cy="1031.49" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="675.216" cy="1031.49" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="786.928" cy="1031.49" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="731.072" cy="1031.49" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="507.649" cy="863.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="619.361" cy="863.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="563.505" cy="863.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="842.784" cy="863.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="954.495" cy="863.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="898.639" cy="863.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="675.216" cy="863.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="786.928" cy="863.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<circle cx="731.072" cy="863.928" r="6.64949" fill="#C4C4C4" fill-opacity="0.15"/>
<rect width="1918" height="477" fill="url(#paint0_linear_149_74)"/>
<defs>
<linearGradient id="paint0_linear_149_74" x1="959" y1="0" x2="959" y2="477" gradientUnits="userSpaceOnUse">
<stop stop-color="white"/>
<stop offset="1" stop-color="white" stop-opacity="0"/>
</linearGradient>
</defs>
</svg>

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\assets\svgs\logo-black.svg`:

```````svg
<svg width="210" height="28" viewBox="0 0 210 28" fill="none" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
<g clip-path="url(#clip0_0_383)">
<mask id="mask0_0_383" style="mask-type:luminance" maskUnits="userSpaceOnUse" x="0" y="0" width="210" height="28">
<path d="M210 0H0V28H210V0Z" fill="white"/>
</mask>
<g mask="url(#mask0_0_383)">
<path d="M28.7955 0C25.391 0 20.2618 6.22 20.2618 6.22L15.9975 11.405L13.8628 14L14.9277 15.295L10.6633 20.48L6.60897 15.555C5.85908 14.645 5.85908 13.355 6.60897 12.445L14.6327 2.695C15.5276 1.61 14.7327 0 13.2979 0H3.1995C1.43478 0 0 1.395 0 3.11V24.89C0 26.61 1.52476 28 3.1995 28C6.60397 28 11.7332 21.78 11.7332 21.78L15.9975 16.595L18.1322 14L17.0673 12.705L21.3317 7.52L25.386 12.445C26.1359 13.355 26.1359 14.645 25.386 15.555L17.3673 25.305C16.4724 26.39 17.2673 28 18.7021 28H28.8005C30.5652 28 32 26.605 32 24.89V3.11C32 1.39 30.4752 0 28.8005 0H28.7955Z" fill="#1A1A1A"/>
<path d="M50.495 27.75C46.75 27.75 43.9 26.71 41.94 24.625C39.98 22.545 39 19.59 39 15.755C39 13.85 39.3 12.15 39.895 10.655C40.495 9.15998 41.31 7.89498 42.355 6.86498C43.395 5.83498 44.635 5.05498 46.075 4.51998C47.515 3.98998 49.075 3.72498 50.76 3.72498C51.735 3.72498 52.62 3.79498 53.42 3.93998C54.215 4.08498 54.915 4.24998 55.515 4.43998C56.115 4.62998 56.61 4.81998 57.01 5.01998C57.41 5.21998 57.695 5.37498 57.875 5.48498L56.38 9.66998C55.67 9.29498 54.845 8.96997 53.905 8.70498C52.965 8.43998 51.895 8.30498 50.7 8.30498C49.905 8.30498 49.12 8.43998 48.355 8.70498C47.59 8.96997 46.915 9.39997 46.33 9.98497C45.745 10.57 45.27 11.33 44.92 12.26C44.565 13.19 44.39 14.32 44.39 15.65C44.39 16.715 44.505 17.705 44.74 18.625C44.97 19.545 45.35 20.335 45.87 21C46.39 21.665 47.07 22.19 47.915 22.58C48.755 22.97 49.775 23.16 50.97 23.16C51.725 23.16 52.4 23.115 52.995 23.025C53.595 22.935 54.125 22.83 54.59 22.71C55.055 22.59 55.465 22.45 55.82 22.295C56.175 22.14 56.495 21.995 56.785 21.865L58.215 26.02C57.485 26.465 56.455 26.86 55.125 27.215C53.795 27.57 52.255 27.745 50.505 27.745L50.495 27.75Z" fill="#1A1A1A"/>
<path d="M77.145 18.515C77.145 19.89 76.945 21.145 76.545 22.285C76.145 23.425 75.57 24.4 74.815 25.21C74.06 26.02 73.16 26.645 72.105 27.085C71.055 27.53 69.875 27.75 68.565 27.75C67.255 27.75 66.11 27.53 65.06 27.085C64.005 26.64 63.105 26.015 62.35 25.21C61.595 24.4 61.01 23.425 60.59 22.285C60.17 21.145 59.96 19.89 59.96 18.515C59.96 17.14 60.175 15.89 60.61 14.76C61.04 13.63 61.64 12.665 62.405 11.87C63.17 11.075 64.075 10.455 65.13 10.01C66.18 9.56497 67.33 9.34497 68.57 9.34497C69.81 9.34497 70.99 9.56497 72.045 10.01C73.095 10.455 74 11.075 74.755 11.87C75.51 12.665 76.095 13.63 76.515 14.76C76.935 15.89 77.145 17.14 77.145 18.515ZM72.095 18.515C72.095 16.985 71.79 15.785 71.18 14.91C70.57 14.035 69.7 13.6 68.57 13.6C67.44 13.6 66.565 14.035 65.945 14.91C65.325 15.785 65.015 16.985 65.015 18.515C65.015 20.045 65.325 21.255 65.945 22.155C66.565 23.05 67.44 23.5 68.57 23.5C69.7 23.5 70.57 23.05 71.18 22.155C71.79 21.26 72.095 20.045 72.095 18.515Z" fill="#1A1A1A"/>
<path d="M96.3848 26.72C95.9398 26.855 95.4348 26.98 94.8548 27.1C94.2798 27.22 93.6748 27.325 93.0448 27.415C92.4148 27.505 91.7698 27.575 91.1198 27.63C90.4648 27.685 89.8398 27.715 89.2398 27.715C87.7998 27.715 86.5148 27.505 85.3848 27.085C84.2548 26.665 83.3048 26.06 82.5298 25.275C81.7548 24.49 81.1598 23.535 80.7498 22.415C80.3398 21.295 80.1348 20.04 80.1348 18.645C80.1348 17.25 80.3098 15.95 80.6648 14.805C81.0198 13.665 81.5298 12.695 82.1948 11.895C82.8598 11.1 83.6748 10.49 84.6348 10.07C85.5998 9.65 86.6998 9.44 87.9398 9.44C88.6248 9.44 89.2398 9.505 89.7848 9.64C90.3248 9.775 90.8748 9.96 91.4298 10.205V2.295L96.3798 1.5V26.72H96.3848ZM85.1898 18.415C85.1898 19.945 85.5348 21.175 86.2198 22.105C86.9048 23.035 87.9248 23.5 89.2748 23.5C89.7198 23.5 90.1298 23.485 90.5048 23.45C90.8798 23.415 91.1898 23.38 91.4348 23.335V14.325C91.1248 14.125 90.7198 13.96 90.2248 13.825C89.7248 13.69 89.2198 13.625 88.7148 13.625C86.3648 13.625 85.1948 15.22 85.1948 18.41L85.1898 18.415Z" fill="#1A1A1A"/>
<path d="M100.205 18.68C100.205 17.13 100.445 15.77 100.92 14.61C101.395 13.445 102.02 12.48 102.8 11.7C103.575 10.925 104.465 10.34 105.475 9.94003C106.485 9.54003 107.52 9.34003 108.58 9.34003C111.06 9.34003 113.02 10.1 114.46 11.615C115.9 13.135 116.62 15.365 116.62 18.31C116.62 18.6 116.61 18.915 116.585 19.255C116.565 19.6 116.54 19.905 116.52 20.17H105.29C105.4 21.19 105.875 21.995 106.72 22.595C107.56 23.195 108.69 23.49 110.11 23.49C111.02 23.49 111.91 23.405 112.785 23.24C113.66 23.075 114.375 22.87 114.93 22.625L115.595 26.645C115.33 26.78 114.975 26.91 114.53 27.045C114.085 27.18 113.595 27.295 113.05 27.395C112.505 27.495 111.925 27.58 111.305 27.645C110.685 27.71 110.065 27.745 109.445 27.745C107.87 27.745 106.505 27.51 105.34 27.045C104.175 26.58 103.215 25.945 102.45 25.135C101.685 24.325 101.12 23.37 100.755 22.26C100.39 21.155 100.205 19.955 100.205 18.67V18.68ZM111.835 16.785C111.815 16.365 111.74 15.955 111.62 15.555C111.5 15.155 111.31 14.8 111.055 14.49C110.8 14.18 110.48 13.925 110.09 13.725C109.7 13.525 109.22 13.425 108.645 13.425C108.07 13.425 107.615 13.52 107.215 13.705C106.815 13.895 106.485 14.145 106.22 14.455C105.955 14.765 105.75 15.125 105.605 15.535C105.46 15.945 105.355 16.36 105.29 16.78H111.835V16.785Z" fill="#1A1A1A"/>
<path d="M127.055 23.33C127.785 23.33 128.39 23.27 128.865 23.145C129.34 23.025 129.725 22.855 130.01 22.645C130.3 22.435 130.495 22.185 130.61 21.895C130.72 21.605 130.775 21.285 130.775 20.93C130.775 20.175 130.42 19.55 129.71 19.055C129 18.555 127.78 18.02 126.055 17.445C125.3 17.18 124.55 16.875 123.795 16.53C123.04 16.185 122.365 15.755 121.77 15.235C121.17 14.715 120.685 14.085 120.31 13.34C119.935 12.6 119.745 11.695 119.745 10.63C119.745 9.56497 119.945 8.60997 120.345 7.75497C120.745 6.89997 121.31 6.17497 122.04 5.57997C122.77 4.97997 123.655 4.52497 124.7 4.19997C125.74 3.87997 126.915 3.71997 128.22 3.71997C129.77 3.71997 131.11 3.88497 132.24 4.21997C133.37 4.54997 134.3 4.91997 135.03 5.31497L133.535 9.39997C132.89 9.06997 132.18 8.77497 131.39 8.51997C130.605 8.26497 129.655 8.13997 128.55 8.13997C127.31 8.13997 126.42 8.30997 125.875 8.65497C125.33 8.99997 125.06 9.52497 125.06 10.235C125.06 10.655 125.16 11.01 125.36 11.3C125.56 11.59 125.84 11.85 126.205 12.08C126.57 12.315 126.99 12.525 127.465 12.71C127.94 12.9 128.465 13.09 129.045 13.29C130.24 13.735 131.28 14.17 132.17 14.605C133.055 15.035 133.79 15.54 134.38 16.115C134.965 16.69 135.405 17.365 135.69 18.14C135.98 18.915 136.12 19.855 136.12 20.965C136.12 23.115 135.365 24.78 133.86 25.965C132.355 27.15 130.085 27.745 127.05 27.745C126.03 27.745 125.11 27.685 124.29 27.56C123.47 27.44 122.745 27.29 122.115 27.11C121.485 26.935 120.94 26.745 120.485 26.545C120.03 26.345 119.65 26.16 119.34 25.98L120.8 21.86C121.485 22.235 122.335 22.575 123.34 22.875C124.345 23.175 125.585 23.325 127.045 23.325L127.055 23.33Z" fill="#1A1A1A"/>
<path d="M139.615 5.45497L144.565 4.65997V9.80997H150.515V13.93H144.565V20.075C144.565 21.115 144.75 21.945 145.115 22.565C145.48 23.185 146.215 23.495 147.325 23.495C147.855 23.495 148.405 23.445 148.97 23.345C149.535 23.245 150.05 23.105 150.515 22.93L151.215 26.785C150.615 27.03 149.95 27.24 149.22 27.415C148.49 27.59 147.59 27.68 146.53 27.68C145.18 27.68 144.06 27.495 143.175 27.13C142.29 26.765 141.58 26.255 141.05 25.6C140.52 24.945 140.145 24.155 139.935 23.225C139.725 22.295 139.62 21.265 139.62 20.135V5.45497H139.615Z" fill="#1A1A1A"/>
<path d="M159.95 4.75502C159.95 5.66502 159.655 6.38002 159.07 6.90002C158.485 7.42002 157.79 7.68002 156.995 7.68002C156.2 7.68002 155.505 7.42002 154.92 6.90002C154.335 6.38002 154.04 5.66502 154.04 4.75502C154.04 3.84502 154.335 3.13502 154.92 2.61002C155.505 2.09002 156.2 1.83002 156.995 1.83002C157.79 1.83002 158.485 2.09002 159.07 2.61002C159.655 3.13002 159.95 3.84502 159.95 4.75502ZM159.485 27.285H154.535V9.80502H159.485V27.285Z" fill="#1A1A1A"/>
<path d="M163.97 5.45497L168.92 4.65997V9.80997H174.87V13.93H168.92V20.075C168.92 21.115 169.105 21.945 169.47 22.565C169.835 23.185 170.57 23.495 171.68 23.495C172.21 23.495 172.76 23.445 173.325 23.345C173.89 23.245 174.405 23.105 174.87 22.93L175.57 26.785C174.97 27.03 174.305 27.24 173.575 27.415C172.845 27.59 171.945 27.68 170.885 27.68C169.535 27.68 168.415 27.495 167.53 27.13C166.645 26.765 165.935 26.255 165.405 25.6C164.875 24.945 164.5 24.155 164.29 23.225C164.08 22.295 163.975 21.265 163.975 20.135V5.45497H163.97Z" fill="#1A1A1A"/>
<path d="M177.39 18.545C177.39 17.28 177.595 16.09 178.005 14.975C178.415 13.855 179.005 12.88 179.785 12.05C180.56 11.22 181.5 10.56 182.61 10.075C183.72 9.58997 184.98 9.34497 186.4 9.34497C187.33 9.34497 188.185 9.42997 188.96 9.59497C189.735 9.75997 190.49 9.99997 191.22 10.31L190.19 14.265C189.725 14.09 189.215 13.935 188.66 13.8C188.105 13.665 187.485 13.6 186.8 13.6C185.34 13.6 184.245 14.055 183.525 14.96C182.805 15.87 182.445 17.065 182.445 18.55C182.445 20.125 182.785 21.34 183.46 22.205C184.135 23.07 185.315 23.5 187 23.5C187.6 23.5 188.24 23.445 188.925 23.335C189.61 23.225 190.245 23.045 190.82 22.805L191.52 26.86C190.945 27.105 190.225 27.315 189.36 27.49C188.495 27.665 187.545 27.755 186.505 27.755C184.91 27.755 183.535 27.515 182.385 27.04C181.235 26.565 180.285 25.915 179.545 25.095C178.8 24.275 178.26 23.305 177.915 22.19C177.57 21.07 177.4 19.86 177.4 18.55L177.39 18.545Z" fill="#1A1A1A"/>
<path d="M194.835 27.285V2.295L199.785 1.5V9.875C200.12 9.765 200.545 9.66 201.065 9.56C201.585 9.46 202.09 9.41 202.575 9.41C203.995 9.41 205.17 9.605 206.115 9.99C207.055 10.38 207.81 10.925 208.375 11.635C208.94 12.345 209.34 13.185 209.57 14.16C209.805 15.135 209.92 16.22 209.92 17.415V27.285H204.97V18.015C204.97 16.42 204.765 15.29 204.355 14.625C203.945 13.96 203.185 13.63 202.08 13.63C201.635 13.63 201.22 13.67 200.835 13.745C200.445 13.825 200.1 13.905 199.79 13.995V27.285H194.84H194.835Z" fill="#1A1A1A"/>
</g>
</g>
<defs>
<clipPath id="clip0_0_383">
<rect width="210" height="28" fill="white"/>
</clipPath>
</defs>
</svg>

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\assets\svgs\logo-white.svg`:

```````svg
<svg width="210" height="28" viewBox="0 0 210 28" fill="none" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
<g clip-path="url(#clip0_19_3381)">
<path d="M28.7955 0C25.391 0 20.2618 6.22 20.2618 6.22L15.9975 11.405L13.8628 14L14.9277 15.295L10.6633 20.48L6.60897 15.555C5.85908 14.645 5.85908 13.355 6.60897 12.445L14.6327 2.695C15.5276 1.61 14.7327 0 13.2979 0H3.1995C1.43478 0 0 1.395 0 3.11V24.89C0 26.61 1.52476 28 3.1995 28C6.60397 28 11.7332 21.78 11.7332 21.78L15.9975 16.595L18.1322 14L17.0673 12.705L21.3317 7.52L25.386 12.445C26.1359 13.355 26.1359 14.645 25.386 15.555L17.3673 25.305C16.4724 26.39 17.2673 28 18.7021 28H28.8005C30.5652 28 32 26.605 32 24.89V3.11C32 1.39 30.4752 0 28.8005 0H28.7955Z" fill="#FAFBFC"/>
<path d="M50.495 27.75C46.75 27.75 43.9 26.71 41.94 24.625C39.98 22.545 39 19.59 39 15.755C39 13.85 39.3 12.15 39.895 10.655C40.495 9.15998 41.31 7.89498 42.355 6.86498C43.395 5.83498 44.635 5.05498 46.075 4.51998C47.515 3.98998 49.075 3.72498 50.76 3.72498C51.735 3.72498 52.62 3.79498 53.42 3.93998C54.215 4.08498 54.915 4.24998 55.515 4.43998C56.115 4.62998 56.61 4.81998 57.01 5.01998C57.41 5.21998 57.695 5.37498 57.875 5.48498L56.38 9.66998C55.67 9.29498 54.845 8.96998 53.905 8.70498C52.965 8.43998 51.895 8.30498 50.7 8.30498C49.905 8.30498 49.12 8.43998 48.355 8.70498C47.59 8.96998 46.915 9.39998 46.33 9.98498C45.745 10.57 45.27 11.33 44.92 12.26C44.565 13.19 44.39 14.32 44.39 15.65C44.39 16.715 44.505 17.705 44.74 18.625C44.97 19.545 45.35 20.335 45.87 21C46.39 21.665 47.07 22.19 47.915 22.58C48.755 22.97 49.775 23.16 50.97 23.16C51.725 23.16 52.4 23.115 52.995 23.025C53.595 22.935 54.125 22.83 54.59 22.71C55.055 22.59 55.465 22.45 55.82 22.295C56.175 22.14 56.495 21.995 56.785 21.865L58.215 26.02C57.485 26.465 56.455 26.86 55.125 27.215C53.795 27.57 52.255 27.745 50.505 27.745L50.495 27.75Z" fill="#FAFBFC"/>
<path d="M77.145 18.515C77.145 19.89 76.945 21.145 76.545 22.285C76.145 23.425 75.57 24.4 74.815 25.21C74.06 26.02 73.16 26.645 72.105 27.085C71.055 27.53 69.875 27.75 68.565 27.75C67.255 27.75 66.11 27.53 65.06 27.085C64.005 26.64 63.105 26.015 62.35 25.21C61.595 24.4 61.01 23.425 60.59 22.285C60.17 21.145 59.96 19.89 59.96 18.515C59.96 17.14 60.175 15.89 60.61 14.76C61.04 13.63 61.64 12.665 62.405 11.87C63.17 11.075 64.075 10.455 65.13 10.01C66.18 9.56497 67.33 9.34497 68.57 9.34497C69.81 9.34497 70.99 9.56497 72.045 10.01C73.095 10.455 74 11.075 74.755 11.87C75.51 12.665 76.095 13.63 76.515 14.76C76.935 15.89 77.145 17.14 77.145 18.515ZM72.095 18.515C72.095 16.985 71.79 15.785 71.18 14.91C70.57 14.035 69.7 13.6 68.57 13.6C67.44 13.6 66.565 14.035 65.945 14.91C65.325 15.785 65.015 16.985 65.015 18.515C65.015 20.045 65.325 21.255 65.945 22.155C66.565 23.05 67.44 23.5 68.57 23.5C69.7 23.5 70.57 23.05 71.18 22.155C71.79 21.26 72.095 20.045 72.095 18.515Z" fill="#FAFBFC"/>
<path d="M96.3848 26.72C95.9398 26.855 95.4348 26.98 94.8548 27.1C94.2798 27.22 93.6748 27.325 93.0448 27.415C92.4148 27.505 91.7698 27.575 91.1198 27.63C90.4648 27.685 89.8398 27.715 89.2398 27.715C87.7998 27.715 86.5148 27.505 85.3848 27.085C84.2548 26.665 83.3048 26.06 82.5298 25.275C81.7548 24.49 81.1598 23.535 80.7498 22.415C80.3398 21.295 80.1348 20.04 80.1348 18.645C80.1348 17.25 80.3098 15.95 80.6648 14.805C81.0198 13.665 81.5298 12.695 82.1948 11.895C82.8598 11.1 83.6748 10.49 84.6348 10.07C85.5998 9.65 86.6998 9.44 87.9398 9.44C88.6248 9.44 89.2398 9.505 89.7848 9.64C90.3248 9.775 90.8748 9.96 91.4298 10.205V2.295L96.3798 1.5V26.72H96.3848ZM85.1898 18.415C85.1898 19.945 85.5348 21.175 86.2198 22.105C86.9048 23.035 87.9248 23.5 89.2748 23.5C89.7198 23.5 90.1298 23.485 90.5048 23.45C90.8798 23.415 91.1898 23.38 91.4348 23.335V14.325C91.1248 14.125 90.7198 13.96 90.2248 13.825C89.7248 13.69 89.2198 13.625 88.7148 13.625C86.3648 13.625 85.1948 15.22 85.1948 18.41L85.1898 18.415Z" fill="#FAFBFC"/>
<path d="M100.205 18.68C100.205 17.13 100.445 15.77 100.92 14.61C101.395 13.445 102.02 12.48 102.8 11.7C103.575 10.925 104.465 10.34 105.475 9.94003C106.485 9.54003 107.52 9.34003 108.58 9.34003C111.06 9.34003 113.02 10.1 114.46 11.615C115.9 13.135 116.62 15.365 116.62 18.31C116.62 18.6 116.61 18.915 116.585 19.255C116.565 19.6 116.54 19.905 116.52 20.17H105.29C105.4 21.19 105.875 21.995 106.72 22.595C107.56 23.195 108.69 23.49 110.11 23.49C111.02 23.49 111.91 23.405 112.785 23.24C113.66 23.075 114.375 22.87 114.93 22.625L115.595 26.645C115.33 26.78 114.975 26.91 114.53 27.045C114.085 27.18 113.595 27.295 113.05 27.395C112.505 27.495 111.925 27.58 111.305 27.645C110.685 27.71 110.065 27.745 109.445 27.745C107.87 27.745 106.505 27.51 105.34 27.045C104.175 26.58 103.215 25.945 102.45 25.135C101.685 24.325 101.12 23.37 100.755 22.26C100.39 21.155 100.205 19.955 100.205 18.67V18.68ZM111.835 16.785C111.815 16.365 111.74 15.955 111.62 15.555C111.5 15.155 111.31 14.8 111.055 14.49C110.8 14.18 110.48 13.925 110.09 13.725C109.7 13.525 109.22 13.425 108.645 13.425C108.07 13.425 107.615 13.52 107.215 13.705C106.815 13.895 106.485 14.145 106.22 14.455C105.955 14.765 105.75 15.125 105.605 15.535C105.46 15.945 105.355 16.36 105.29 16.78H111.835V16.785Z" fill="#FAFBFC"/>
<path d="M127.055 23.33C127.785 23.33 128.39 23.27 128.865 23.145C129.34 23.025 129.725 22.855 130.01 22.645C130.3 22.435 130.495 22.185 130.61 21.895C130.72 21.605 130.775 21.285 130.775 20.93C130.775 20.175 130.42 19.55 129.71 19.055C129 18.555 127.78 18.02 126.055 17.445C125.3 17.18 124.55 16.875 123.795 16.53C123.04 16.185 122.365 15.755 121.77 15.235C121.17 14.715 120.685 14.085 120.31 13.34C119.935 12.6 119.745 11.695 119.745 10.63C119.745 9.56497 119.945 8.60997 120.345 7.75497C120.745 6.89997 121.31 6.17497 122.04 5.57997C122.77 4.97997 123.655 4.52497 124.7 4.19997C125.74 3.87997 126.915 3.71997 128.22 3.71997C129.77 3.71997 131.11 3.88497 132.24 4.21997C133.37 4.54997 134.3 4.91997 135.03 5.31497L133.535 9.39997C132.89 9.06997 132.18 8.77497 131.39 8.51997C130.605 8.26497 129.655 8.13997 128.55 8.13997C127.31 8.13997 126.42 8.30997 125.875 8.65497C125.33 8.99997 125.06 9.52497 125.06 10.235C125.06 10.655 125.16 11.01 125.36 11.3C125.56 11.59 125.84 11.85 126.205 12.08C126.57 12.315 126.99 12.525 127.465 12.71C127.94 12.9 128.465 13.09 129.045 13.29C130.24 13.735 131.28 14.17 132.17 14.605C133.055 15.035 133.79 15.54 134.38 16.115C134.965 16.69 135.405 17.365 135.69 18.14C135.98 18.915 136.12 19.855 136.12 20.965C136.12 23.115 135.365 24.78 133.86 25.965C132.355 27.15 130.085 27.745 127.05 27.745C126.03 27.745 125.11 27.685 124.29 27.56C123.47 27.44 122.745 27.29 122.115 27.11C121.485 26.935 120.94 26.745 120.485 26.545C120.03 26.345 119.65 26.16 119.34 25.98L120.8 21.86C121.485 22.235 122.335 22.575 123.34 22.875C124.345 23.175 125.585 23.325 127.045 23.325L127.055 23.33Z" fill="#FAFBFC"/>
<path d="M139.615 5.45497L144.565 4.65997V9.80997H150.515V13.93H144.565V20.075C144.565 21.115 144.75 21.945 145.115 22.565C145.48 23.185 146.215 23.495 147.325 23.495C147.855 23.495 148.405 23.445 148.97 23.345C149.535 23.245 150.05 23.105 150.515 22.93L151.215 26.785C150.615 27.03 149.95 27.24 149.22 27.415C148.49 27.59 147.59 27.68 146.53 27.68C145.18 27.68 144.06 27.495 143.175 27.13C142.29 26.765 141.58 26.255 141.05 25.6C140.52 24.945 140.145 24.155 139.935 23.225C139.725 22.295 139.62 21.265 139.62 20.135V5.45497H139.615Z" fill="#FAFBFC"/>
<path d="M159.95 4.75502C159.95 5.66502 159.655 6.38002 159.07 6.90002C158.485 7.42002 157.79 7.68002 156.995 7.68002C156.2 7.68002 155.505 7.42002 154.92 6.90002C154.335 6.38002 154.04 5.66502 154.04 4.75502C154.04 3.84502 154.335 3.13502 154.92 2.61002C155.505 2.09002 156.2 1.83002 156.995 1.83002C157.79 1.83002 158.485 2.09002 159.07 2.61002C159.655 3.13002 159.95 3.84502 159.95 4.75502ZM159.485 27.285H154.535V9.80502H159.485V27.285Z" fill="#FAFBFC"/>
<path d="M163.97 5.45497L168.92 4.65997V9.80997H174.87V13.93H168.92V20.075C168.92 21.115 169.105 21.945 169.47 22.565C169.835 23.185 170.57 23.495 171.68 23.495C172.21 23.495 172.76 23.445 173.325 23.345C173.89 23.245 174.405 23.105 174.87 22.93L175.57 26.785C174.97 27.03 174.305 27.24 173.575 27.415C172.845 27.59 171.945 27.68 170.885 27.68C169.535 27.68 168.415 27.495 167.53 27.13C166.645 26.765 165.935 26.255 165.405 25.6C164.875 24.945 164.5 24.155 164.29 23.225C164.08 22.295 163.975 21.265 163.975 20.135V5.45497H163.97Z" fill="#FAFBFC"/>
<path d="M177.39 18.545C177.39 17.28 177.595 16.09 178.005 14.975C178.415 13.855 179.005 12.88 179.785 12.05C180.56 11.22 181.5 10.56 182.61 10.075C183.72 9.58997 184.98 9.34497 186.4 9.34497C187.33 9.34497 188.185 9.42997 188.96 9.59497C189.735 9.75997 190.49 9.99997 191.22 10.31L190.19 14.265C189.725 14.09 189.215 13.935 188.66 13.8C188.105 13.665 187.485 13.6 186.8 13.6C185.34 13.6 184.245 14.055 183.525 14.96C182.805 15.87 182.445 17.065 182.445 18.55C182.445 20.125 182.785 21.34 183.46 22.205C184.135 23.07 185.315 23.5 187 23.5C187.6 23.5 188.24 23.445 188.925 23.335C189.61 23.225 190.245 23.045 190.82 22.805L191.52 26.86C190.945 27.105 190.225 27.315 189.36 27.49C188.495 27.665 187.545 27.755 186.505 27.755C184.91 27.755 183.535 27.515 182.385 27.04C181.235 26.565 180.285 25.915 179.545 25.095C178.8 24.275 178.26 23.305 177.915 22.19C177.57 21.07 177.4 19.86 177.4 18.55L177.39 18.545Z" fill="#FAFBFC"/>
<path d="M194.835 27.285V2.295L199.785 1.5V9.875C200.12 9.765 200.545 9.66 201.065 9.56C201.585 9.46 202.09 9.41 202.575 9.41C203.995 9.41 205.17 9.605 206.115 9.99C207.055 10.38 207.81 10.925 208.375 11.635C208.94 12.345 209.34 13.185 209.57 14.16C209.805 15.135 209.92 16.22 209.92 17.415V27.285H204.97V18.015C204.97 16.42 204.765 15.29 204.355 14.625C203.945 13.96 203.185 13.63 202.08 13.63C201.635 13.63 201.22 13.67 200.835 13.745C200.445 13.825 200.1 13.905 199.79 13.995V27.285H194.84H194.835Z" fill="#FAFBFC"/>
</g>
<defs>
<clipPath id="clip0_19_3381">
<rect width="210" height="28" fill="white"/>
</clipPath>
</defs>
</svg>

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\assets\svgs\moon.svg`:

```````svg
<svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 480 480" style="enable-background:new 0 0 480 480" xml:space="preserve"><path d="M459.782 347.328c-4.288-5.28-11.488-7.232-17.824-4.96-17.76 6.368-37.024 9.632-57.312 9.632-97.056 0-176-78.976-176-176 0-58.4 28.832-112.768 77.12-145.472 5.472-3.712 8.096-10.4 6.624-16.832S285.638 2.4 279.078 1.44C271.59.352 264.134 0 256.646 0c-132.352 0-240 107.648-240 240s107.648 240 240 240c84 0 160.416-42.688 204.352-114.176 3.552-5.792 3.04-13.184-1.216-18.496z"/></svg>
```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\assets\svgs\profile-woman.svg`:

```````svg
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="iso-8859-1"?>
<!-- Generator: Adobe Illustrator 19.0.0, SVG Export Plug-In . SVG Version: 6.00 Build 0)  -->
<svg version="1.1" id="Capa_1" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" x="0px" y="0px"
	 viewBox="0 0 512 512" style="enable-background:new 0 0 512 512;" xml:space="preserve">
<circle style="fill:#ECEFF1;" cx="256" cy="256" r="256"/>
<path style="fill:#455A64;" d="M442.272,405.728c-11.136-8.8-24.704-15.136-39.424-18.208l-70.176-14.08
	C325.312,372,320,365.408,320,357.76v-18.24c69.92-6.688,80-20.96,80-35.52c0-43.04-28.608-142.976-33.312-159.232
	c-0.608-25.12-5.184-39.232-16.672-51.616c-8.128-8.8-20.096-10.848-29.728-12.48c-3.776-0.672-8.992-1.536-10.912-2.592
	c-17.056-9.216-33.92-13.696-54.048-14.08c-42.144,1.728-93.952,28.544-111.68,77.568C142.368,146.144,112,254.368,112,304
	c0,20.704,23.392,31.616,80,36.608v17.152c0,7.648-5.344,14.24-12.736,15.68l-70.24,14.08c-14.624,3.104-28.192,9.376-39.296,18.176
	c-3.456,2.784-5.632,6.848-5.984,11.264s1.12,8.736,4.096,12.032C115.648,481.76,184.224,512,256,512s140.384-30.24,188.16-83.008
	c2.976-3.296,4.48-7.648,4.096-12.064C447.904,412.544,445.728,408.48,442.272,405.728z"/>
<g>
</g>
<g>
</g>
<g>
</g>
<g>
</g>
<g>
</g>
<g>
</g>
<g>
</g>
<g>
</g>
<g>
</g>
<g>
</g>
<g>
</g>
<g>
</g>
<g>
</g>
<g>
</g>
<g>
</g>
</svg>

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\assets\svgs\profile.svg`:

```````svg
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="iso-8859-1"?>
<!-- Generator: Adobe Illustrator 19.0.0, SVG Export Plug-In . SVG Version: 6.00 Build 0)  -->
<svg version="1.1" id="Capa_1" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" x="0px" y="0px"
	 viewBox="0 0 512 512" style="enable-background:new 0 0 512 512;" xml:space="preserve">
<circle style="fill:#ECEFF1;" cx="256" cy="256" r="256"/>
<path style="fill:#455A64;" d="M442.272,405.696c-11.136-8.8-24.704-15.136-39.424-18.208l-70.176-14.08
	c-7.36-1.408-12.672-8-12.672-15.68v-16.096c4.512-6.336,8.768-14.752,13.216-23.552c3.456-6.816,8.672-17.088,11.264-19.744
	c14.208-14.272,27.936-30.304,32.192-50.976c3.968-19.392,0.064-29.568-4.512-37.76c0-20.448-0.64-46.048-5.472-64.672
	c-0.576-25.216-5.152-39.392-16.672-51.808c-8.128-8.8-20.096-10.848-29.728-12.48c-3.776-0.64-8.992-1.536-10.912-2.56
	c-17.056-9.216-33.92-13.728-54.048-14.08c-42.144,1.728-93.952,28.544-111.296,76.352c-5.376,14.56-4.832,38.464-4.384,57.664
	l-0.416,11.552c-4.128,8.064-8.192,18.304-4.192,37.76c4.224,20.704,17.952,36.768,32.416,51.232
	c2.368,2.432,7.712,12.8,11.232,19.648c4.512,8.768,8.8,17.152,13.312,23.456v16.096c0,7.648-5.344,14.24-12.736,15.68l-70.24,14.08
	c-14.624,3.104-28.192,9.376-39.296,18.176c-3.456,2.784-5.632,6.848-5.984,11.264s1.12,8.736,4.096,12.032
	C115.648,481.728,184.224,512,256,512s140.384-30.24,188.16-83.008c2.976-3.296,4.48-7.648,4.096-12.064
	C447.904,412.512,445.728,408.448,442.272,405.696z"/>
<g>
</g>
<g>
</g>
<g>
</g>
<g>
</g>
<g>
</g>
<g>
</g>
<g>
</g>
<g>
</g>
<g>
</g>
<g>
</g>
<g>
</g>
<g>
</g>
<g>
</g>
<g>
</g>
<g>
</g>
</svg>

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\assets\svgs\service1.svg`:

```````svg
<svg width="48" height="48" viewBox="0 0 48 48" fill="none" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
<path d="M1 4H18V44H1V4Z" stroke="white" stroke-width="2" stroke-miterlimit="10"/>
<path d="M18 25H47V44H18V25Z" stroke="white" stroke-width="2" stroke-miterlimit="10"/>
<path d="M33 25V44" stroke="white" stroke-width="2" stroke-miterlimit="10"/>
<path d="M22 32V36" stroke="white" stroke-width="2" stroke-miterlimit="10"/>
<path d="M1 19H18" stroke="white" stroke-width="2" stroke-miterlimit="10"/>
<path d="M14 9V14" stroke="white" stroke-width="2" stroke-miterlimit="10"/>
<path d="M14 24V29" stroke="white" stroke-width="2" stroke-miterlimit="10"/>
<path d="M36 29H44" stroke="white" stroke-width="2" stroke-miterlimit="10"/>
<path d="M33 33H47" stroke="white" stroke-width="2" stroke-miterlimit="10"/>
<path d="M42 10L46 14V16H34V14L38 10V4H42V10Z" stroke="white" stroke-width="2" stroke-miterlimit="10"/>
</svg>

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\assets\svgs\service2.svg`:

```````svg
<svg width="48" height="48" viewBox="0 0 48 48" fill="none" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
<path d="M34 44V25H14V44" stroke="white" stroke-width="2" stroke-miterlimit="10"/>
<path d="M22 39H26" stroke="white" stroke-width="2" stroke-miterlimit="10"/>
<path d="M41 16.8999V43.9999H7V16.8999" stroke="white" stroke-width="2" stroke-miterlimit="10"/>
<path d="M45.6875 20.525L24 3.75L2.3125 20.525" stroke="white" stroke-width="2" stroke-miterlimit="10"/>
</svg>

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\assets\svgs\service3.svg`:

```````svg
<svg width="48" height="48" viewBox="0 0 48 48" fill="none" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
<path d="M36.0368 30.7424C34.8637 31.3682 33.21 31.8953 31.2343 32.2746" stroke="white" stroke-width="2" stroke-miterlimit="10"/>
<path d="M37.8725 35.956C37.9289 36.1153 37.9579 36.279 37.9579 36.4427C37.9579 38.8726 31.6539 40.8431 23.8768 40.8431C16.0996 40.8431 9.79562 38.8726 9.79562 36.4427C9.79562 36.2905 9.82027 36.1408 9.86867 35.993L20.6029 5.50292C21.1186 4.03672 22.3903 3 23.8768 3C25.3632 3 26.6349 4.03672 27.1506 5.50292L37.8725 35.956Z" stroke="white" stroke-width="2" stroke-miterlimit="10"/>
<path d="M36.1959 45.2434H34.4402" stroke="white" stroke-width="2" stroke-miterlimit="10"/>
<path d="M37.9578 45.2435H42.279C44.2653 45.2435 45.8749 43.6339 45.8749 41.6475C45.8749 41.1177 45.7579 40.5941 45.5317 40.1153L40.4731 29.3758C40.0119 28.3224 38.9717 27.6421 37.8223 27.6421H34.9453" stroke="white" stroke-width="2" stroke-miterlimit="10"/>
<path d="M32.674 45.2435H5.47097C3.48465 45.2435 1.875 43.6339 1.875 41.6475C1.875 41.1177 1.99205 40.5941 2.21823 40.1153L7.27776 29.3758C7.73803 28.3224 8.77828 27.6421 9.92765 27.6421H12.8081" stroke="white" stroke-width="2" stroke-miterlimit="10"/>
<path d="M22.0339 13.5529C20.5721 13.5529 19.1956 13.3356 17.9107 13.1472" stroke="white" stroke-width="2" stroke-miterlimit="10"/>
<path d="M25.6369 13.5608H23.8767" stroke="white" stroke-width="2" stroke-miterlimit="10"/>
<path d="M33.0251 22.1865C30.5644 22.8448 27.3689 23.2417 23.8768 23.2417C20.3829 23.2417 17.19 22.8448 14.7293 22.1865" stroke="white" stroke-width="2" stroke-miterlimit="10"/>
<path d="M25.5278 32.8926C24.9866 32.912 24.4357 32.9225 23.8768 32.9225C18.6897 32.9225 14.16 32.046 11.7169 30.7417" stroke="white" stroke-width="2" stroke-miterlimit="10"/>
<path d="M28.9609 32.6267C28.4953 32.683 28.0166 32.7323 27.529 32.7728" stroke="white" stroke-width="2" stroke-miterlimit="10"/>
</svg>

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\assets\svgs\stars.svg`:

```````svg
<svg width="91" height="15" viewBox="0 0 91 15" fill="none" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
<path d="M90.5 5.5675C90.5 5.25425 90.2457 5 89.9325 5H85.5L84.034 0.877C83.9535 0.651 83.7397 0.5 83.5 0.5C83.2603 0.5 83.0465 0.651 82.966 0.877L81.5 5H77.0675C76.7542 5 76.5 5.25425 76.5 5.5675C76.5 5.736 76.5747 5.89575 76.704 6.0035L80 8.75L78.5227 13.7823C78.5077 13.8335 78.5 13.8865 78.5 13.94C78.5 14.2492 78.751 14.5 79.0605 14.5C79.1832 14.5 79.303 14.4595 79.4005 14.3848L83.5 11.25L87.5992 14.3848C87.697 14.4595 87.8167 14.5 87.9395 14.5C88.249 14.5 88.5 14.2492 88.5 13.94C88.5 13.8865 88.4923 13.8335 88.4773 13.7823L87 8.75L90.296 6.0035C90.4252 5.89575 90.5 5.73575 90.5 5.5675Z" fill="#F47D4E"/>
<path d="M71.5 5.5675C71.5 5.25425 71.2457 5 70.9325 5H66.5L65.034 0.877C64.9535 0.651 64.7397 0.5 64.5 0.5C64.2603 0.5 64.0465 0.651 63.966 0.877L62.5 5H58.0675C57.7542 5 57.5 5.25425 57.5 5.5675C57.5 5.736 57.5747 5.89575 57.704 6.0035L61 8.75L59.5227 13.7823C59.5077 13.8335 59.5 13.8865 59.5 13.94C59.5 14.2492 59.751 14.5 60.0605 14.5C60.1832 14.5 60.303 14.4595 60.4005 14.3848L64.5 11.25L68.5992 14.3848C68.697 14.4595 68.8167 14.5 68.9395 14.5C69.249 14.5 69.5 14.2492 69.5 13.94C69.5 13.8865 69.4923 13.8335 69.4773 13.7823L68 8.75L71.296 6.0035C71.4252 5.89575 71.5 5.73575 71.5 5.5675Z" fill="#F47D4E"/>
<path d="M52.5 5.5675C52.5 5.25425 52.2457 5 51.9325 5H47.5L46.034 0.877C45.9535 0.651 45.7397 0.5 45.5 0.5C45.2603 0.5 45.0465 0.651 44.966 0.877L43.5 5H39.0675C38.7542 5 38.5 5.25425 38.5 5.5675C38.5 5.736 38.5747 5.89575 38.704 6.0035L42 8.75L40.5227 13.7823C40.5077 13.8335 40.5 13.8865 40.5 13.94C40.5 14.2492 40.751 14.5 41.0605 14.5C41.1832 14.5 41.303 14.4595 41.4005 14.3848L45.5 11.25L49.5992 14.3848C49.697 14.4595 49.8167 14.5 49.9395 14.5C50.249 14.5 50.5 14.2492 50.5 13.94C50.5 13.8865 50.4923 13.8335 50.4773 13.7823L49 8.75L52.296 6.0035C52.4252 5.89575 52.5 5.73575 52.5 5.5675Z" fill="#F47D4E"/>
<path d="M33.5 5.5675C33.5 5.25425 33.2457 5 32.9325 5H28.5L27.034 0.877C26.9535 0.651 26.7397 0.5 26.5 0.5C26.2603 0.5 26.0465 0.651 25.966 0.877L24.5 5H20.0675C19.7542 5 19.5 5.25425 19.5 5.5675C19.5 5.736 19.5747 5.89575 19.704 6.0035L23 8.75L21.5227 13.7823C21.5077 13.8335 21.5 13.8865 21.5 13.94C21.5 14.2492 21.751 14.5 22.0605 14.5C22.1832 14.5 22.303 14.4595 22.4005 14.3848L26.5 11.25L30.5992 14.3848C30.697 14.4595 30.8167 14.5 30.9395 14.5C31.249 14.5 31.5 14.2492 31.5 13.94C31.5 13.8865 31.4923 13.8335 31.4773 13.7823L30 8.75L33.296 6.0035C33.4252 5.89575 33.5 5.73575 33.5 5.5675Z" fill="#F47D4E"/>
<path d="M14.5 5.5675C14.5 5.25425 14.2457 5 13.9325 5H9.5L8.034 0.877C7.9535 0.651 7.73975 0.5 7.5 0.5C7.26025 0.5 7.0465 0.651 6.966 0.877L5.5 5H1.0675C0.75425 5 0.5 5.25425 0.5 5.5675C0.5 5.736 0.57475 5.89575 0.704 6.0035L4 8.75L2.52275 13.7823C2.50775 13.8335 2.5 13.8865 2.5 13.94C2.5 14.2492 2.751 14.5 3.0605 14.5C3.18325 14.5 3.303 14.4595 3.4005 14.3848L7.5 11.25L11.5992 14.3848C11.697 14.4595 11.8167 14.5 11.9395 14.5C12.249 14.5 12.5 14.2492 12.5 13.94C12.5 13.8865 12.4923 13.8335 12.4773 13.7823L11 8.75L14.296 6.0035C14.4252 5.89575 14.5 5.73575 14.5 5.5675Z" fill="#F47D4E"/>
</svg>

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\assets\svgs\sun-icon.svg`:

```````svg
<svg id="Capa_1" enable-background="new 0 0 512.003 512.003" height="512" viewBox="0 0 512.003 512.003" width="512" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg"><path d="m403.971 195.78c-16.089-39.523-46.606-70.417-85.93-86.988s-82.749-16.837-122.272-.748c-3.054 1.242-6.092 2.597-9.29 4.139-4.975 2.398-7.063 8.376-4.664 13.351s8.377 7.066 13.351 4.663c2.817-1.357 5.48-2.545 8.142-3.629 34.578-14.074 72.564-13.843 106.965.655 34.401 14.497 61.098 41.522 75.172 76.099 14.075 34.576 13.842 72.563-.655 106.965-14.497 34.401-41.522 61.099-76.098 75.173-34.577 14.074-72.564 13.842-106.965-.654-34.401-14.497-61.098-41.522-75.172-76.1-15.589-38.296-13.46-81.27 5.84-117.902 2.574-4.886.7-10.934-4.186-13.508-4.884-2.577-10.934-.701-13.508 4.186-22.059 41.867-24.49 90.987-6.67 134.766 16.089 39.524 46.606 70.417 85.93 86.988 19.969 8.415 40.989 12.626 62.025 12.625 20.389-.001 40.793-3.958 60.247-11.877 39.524-16.088 70.417-46.605 86.989-85.93s16.838-82.749.749-122.274z"/><path d="m325.102 328.917c1.889 1.629 4.213 2.427 6.526 2.427 2.808 0 5.6-1.176 7.577-3.469 27.123-31.45 34.252-74.865 18.605-113.305-2.083-5.115-7.917-7.575-13.032-5.491-5.115 2.082-7.574 7.917-5.492 13.032 12.801 31.447 6.966 66.968-15.227 92.701-3.606 4.183-3.14 10.498 1.043 14.105z"/><path d="m284.991 353.212c2.99 4.568 9.363 5.746 13.87 2.76 4.548-3.013 5.762-9.336 2.76-13.86-3.016-4.545-9.335-5.762-13.86-2.76-4.538 3.011-5.787 9.332-2.77 13.86z"/><path d="m498.23 146.615-70.041 28.512c-5.115 2.082-7.574 7.917-5.492 13.032 1.58 3.881 5.319 6.232 9.266 6.232 1.255 0 2.532-.238 3.767-.741l70.041-28.512c5.115-2.082 7.574-7.917 5.492-13.032-2.083-5.115-7.916-7.576-13.033-5.491z"/><path d="m89.306 323.868c-2.083-5.115-7.917-7.575-13.032-5.491l-70.041 28.511c-5.115 2.082-7.574 7.917-5.492 13.032 1.58 3.881 5.319 6.232 9.266 6.232 1.255 0 2.532-.238 3.767-.741l70.041-28.511c5.114-2.081 7.573-7.916 5.491-13.032z"/><path d="m504.639 349.94-69.688-29.366c-5.091-2.148-10.954.242-13.099 5.332-2.145 5.089.243 10.953 5.332 13.098l69.688 29.366c5.026 2.12 10.983-.313 13.099-5.332 2.145-5.09-.242-10.954-5.332-13.098z"/><path d="m80.927 192.243c3.901 0 7.609-2.299 9.22-6.119 2.145-5.09-.243-10.954-5.332-13.099l-69.687-29.367c-5.088-2.148-10.954.243-13.099 5.331-2.145 5.09.243 10.954 5.332 13.099l69.687 29.367c1.268.535 2.584.788 3.879.788z"/><path d="m336.887 428.199c-2.083-5.116-7.916-7.576-13.033-5.491-5.115 2.082-7.574 7.917-5.492 13.032l28.512 70.042c2.054 5.045 7.982 7.548 13.033 5.491 5.115-2.082 7.574-7.917 5.492-13.032z"/><path d="m184.376 90.057c1.255 0 2.532-.238 3.767-.741 5.115-2.082 7.574-7.917 5.492-13.032l-28.511-70.043c-2.083-5.115-7.917-7.575-13.032-5.491-5.115 2.082-7.574 7.917-5.492 13.032l28.511 70.042c1.579 3.881 5.318 6.233 9.265 6.233z"/><path d="m186.106 421.861c-5.091-2.147-10.954.243-13.099 5.332l-29.365 69.688c-2.145 5.089.243 10.953 5.332 13.098 5.026 2.121 10.984-.313 13.099-5.332l29.365-69.688c2.144-5.089-.243-10.953-5.332-13.098z"/><path d="m349.922 7.369-29.367 69.687c-2.145 5.09.243 10.954 5.332 13.099 1.268.535 2.584.788 3.879.788 3.901 0 7.609-2.299 9.22-6.119l29.367-69.687c2.145-5.09-.243-10.954-5.332-13.099-5.089-2.148-10.954.243-13.099 5.331z"/><path d="m481.019 267.682c5.523 0 10-4.478 10-10s-4.477-10-10-10h-35.047c-5.523 0-10 4.478-10 10s4.477 10 10 10z"/><path d="m30.982 244.345c-5.523 0-10 4.478-10 10s4.477 10 10 10h35.046c5.523 0 10-4.478 10-10s-4.477-10-10-10z"/><path d="m396.457 384.321c-3.876-3.935-10.208-3.981-14.142-.104-3.934 3.876-3.981 10.208-.104 14.142l24.599 24.966c1.957 1.986 4.539 2.981 7.124 2.981 2.534 0 5.07-.958 7.018-2.877 3.934-3.876 3.981-10.208.104-14.142z"/><path d="m115.54 127.706c3.824 3.881 10.262 3.928 14.142.104 3.934-3.876 3.981-10.207.105-14.142l-24.598-24.966c-3.876-3.935-10.208-3.982-14.142-.104-3.934 3.876-3.981 10.207-.105 14.142z"/><path d="m256.04 435.984c-.013 0-.025 0-.038 0-5.505 0-9.979 4.453-9.999 9.963l-.129 35.048c-.021 5.523 4.44 10.017 9.963 10.037h.038c5.505 0 9.979-4.453 9.999-9.963l.129-35.048c.021-5.524-4.44-10.017-9.963-10.037z"/><path d="m246.134 30.992v37.046c0 5.522 4.477 10 10 10s10-4.478 10-10v-37.046c0-5.522-4.477-10-10-10s-10 4.478-10 10z"/><path d="m113.653 382.219-24.964 24.601c-3.934 3.877-3.98 10.208-.104 14.142 3.824 3.882 10.261 3.927 14.142.104l24.964-24.601c3.934-3.877 3.98-10.208.104-14.142-3.876-3.933-10.208-3.978-14.142-.104z"/><path d="m391.324 132.671c2.534 0 5.07-.957 7.018-2.876l24.967-24.596c3.934-3.876 3.981-10.208.106-14.142-3.876-3.936-10.208-3.983-14.142-.106l-24.967 24.596c-3.934 3.876-3.981 10.208-.106 14.142 1.957 1.987 4.54 2.982 7.124 2.982z"/><path d="m161.422 141.602c-5.045-7.361-16.847-4.845-18.206 4.088-1.36 8.939 9.439 14.878 16.31 9.133 3.878-3.243 4.646-9.019 1.896-13.221z"/></svg>
```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\assets\svgs\sun.svg`:

```````svg
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="iso-8859-1"?>
<!-- Generator: Adobe Illustrator 19.0.0, SVG Export Plug-In . SVG Version: 6.00 Build 0)  -->
<svg version="1.1" id="Capa_1" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" x="0px" y="0px"
	 viewBox="0 0 512 512" style="enable-background:new 0 0 512 512;" xml:space="preserve">
<path style="fill:#FFA600;" d="M507.834,301.608l-54.769-48.312l52.832-50.399c1.941-1.852,2.74-4.591,2.099-7.189
	c-0.642-2.597-2.629-4.655-5.211-5.401l-70.316-20.292l25.988-68.056c0.955-2.5,0.495-5.316-1.204-7.389
	c-1.7-2.072-4.383-3.085-7.038-2.657l-72.274,11.652l-5.878-72.561c-0.216-2.666-1.846-5.015-4.275-6.161
	c-2.429-1.146-5.291-0.917-7.504,0.601l-60.266,41.342L263.409,3.742C262.064,1.426,259.579,0,256.889,0
	c-2.69,0-5.174,1.426-6.519,3.742L208.347,76.11l-72.69-41.953c-2.327-1.343-5.197-1.349-7.528-0.018
	c-2.333,1.331-3.773,3.799-3.78,6.473l-0.176,72.795l-72.965-6.014c-2.675-0.22-5.275,0.997-6.807,3.194
	c-1.533,2.197-1.771,5.041-0.622,7.459l31.242,65.835L6.508,209.562c-2.516,0.943-4.335,3.15-4.773,5.789
	c-0.438,2.638,0.575,5.308,2.656,7.003l56.619,46.152l-50.813,52.41c-1.866,1.925-2.559,4.694-1.816,7.264
	c0.744,2.57,2.81,4.55,5.419,5.194l71.055,17.551L61.56,419.936c-0.856,2.535-0.286,5.331,1.494,7.336
	c1.781,2.005,4.502,2.913,7.137,2.382l71.76-14.443l8.721,72.278c0.319,2.655,2.041,4.938,4.513,5.99
	c2.474,1.052,5.323,0.712,7.475-0.891l58.596-43.647l39.055,59.566c1.382,2.179,3.789,3.492,6.367,3.492
	c0.098,0,0.196-0.002,0.295-0.006c2.687-0.104,5.115-1.626,6.368-3.992l34.107-62.405l61.839,38.974
	c2.273,1.432,5.137,1.55,7.522,0.31c2.382-1.24,3.919-3.65,4.03-6.322l3.031-72.734l72.674,8.84c2.664,0.324,5.31-0.791,6.928-2.927
	c1.618-2.137,1.966-4.969,0.914-7.43l-28.636-66.997l69.465-23.003c2.552-0.845,4.456-2.979,4.997-5.599
	C510.752,306.09,509.845,303.383,507.834,301.608z"/>
<ellipse style="fill:#FFDB2D;" cx="254.35" cy="254.691" rx="155.069" ry="154.949"/>
<path style="fill:#FFCA00;" d="M254.354,99.743c-3.884,0-7.732,0.147-11.543,0.428c80.25,5.901,143.525,72.825,143.525,154.521
	c0,81.695-63.275,148.619-143.525,154.521c3.811,0.28,7.66,0.428,11.543,0.428c85.641,0,155.068-69.373,155.068-154.948
	C409.422,169.116,339.995,99.743,254.354,99.743z"/>
<g>
</g>
<g>
</g>
<g>
</g>
<g>
</g>
<g>
</g>
<g>
</g>
<g>
</g>
<g>
</g>
<g>
</g>
<g>
</g>
<g>
</g>
<g>
</g>
<g>
</g>
<g>
</g>
<g>
</g>
</svg>

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\config\css.js`:

```````js
module.exports = {
    // All .css files will be recognised as a language. No modification will happen, but this allows the CSS files to be minified, separately, via the minification plugin (which can only minify template files)
    outputFileExtension: "css",
    compile: (inputContent) => {
        return () => {
            return inputContent;
        };
    },
};

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\config\javascript.js`:

```````js
const esbuild = require("esbuild");
const fs = require("node:fs");
const server = require("../config/server");
const isProduction = server.isProduction;

module.exports = {
    // All .js files will be recognised as a language. The contents of these files will be processed as per the compile method
    outputFileExtension: "js",
    init: async function () {
        // Create the /assets/js directory on first build (prevents an error from directory not existing)
        fs.mkdir('public/assets/js', { recursive: true }, (err) => {
            if (err) throw err;
        });
    },
    compile: async (content, inputPath) => {
        // If the file isn't from the assets directory, ignore it. It's probably a config file.
        if (!inputPath.includes("./src/assets/")) {
            return;
        }

        // Build JS with ESBuild. If production, minify, use sourcemaps, and target ES6
        const result = await esbuild.build({
            entryPoints: [inputPath],
            outdir: "public/assets/js",
            write: false,
            bundle: true,
            minify: isProduction,
            sourcemap: !isProduction,
            target: isProduction ? "es6" : "esnext",
        });

        return async () => {
            // Iterate over built files from ESBuild process
            result.outputFiles.forEach(file => {
                // Write the ESBuild files to this new directory
                fs.writeFile(file.path, file.text, function (err) {
                    if (err) throw err;
                });
            });

            return undefined;
        };
    }
}; 
```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\config\postDate.js`:

```````js
const { DateTime } = require("luxon");

module.exports = function (dateObj) {
    return DateTime.fromJSDate(dateObj).toLocaleString(DateTime.DATE_MED);
};

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\config\server.js`:

```````js
module.exports = {
    // Fixes an issue where the dev website breaks when making JS changes
    watch: ["public/assets/js/*.js"],

    // An accessible variable to determine if the server is in production mode or not
    isProduction: process.env.ELEVENTY_ENV === "PROD",
};

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\config\sitemap.js`:

```````js
const client = require("../_data/client");

module.exports = {
    sitemap: {
        hostname: client.domain,
    },
};

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\content\blog\acuti-modo.md`:

```````md
---
title: Acuti modo
url: acuti-modo
description: Lorem markdownum tardantis unam mitissima dissimulator inposuit   corpus sintque tura tremenda, nec coetum.
author: Code Stitch
date: 2023-06-08T15:26:46.705Z
tags:
    - post
image: /assets/images/blog/landing.jpg
imageAlt: Kitchen
---

## Lacerans aliter tetigit praeterea rite

Lorem markdownum tardantis unam mitissima dissimulator inposuit corpus sintque tura tremenda, nec coetum. Est limen Isthmo sagittas patres emerguntque anxia [defenderet](http://www.morte.com/parvo.html) illi, est.

-   Sua ille submittere viribus verba visa Myconon
-   Qvem nec
-   Frena prior rauco iaculum enim
-   Modo referat
-   Tibi mihi sumit bibit censuque licentia consistite
-   Sumptis Iunonis muneris quiete haec tori

## Aut pedum tendit ut raptae

Est vicinia, est herba ut et [duro](http://pars.net/iamcum), agnosse dicitur spectator gracili aquarum. **Amore adfer metam** queri quartus cunctas ego.

Tectis Iovemque moriens fraternaeque Gorgonei equosque Oceanumque, huius corporis, contigerant metu vecta patietur versasse. Et undis superbus? Cura cortice saepe admisitque tamen iuvenum, vivere Lemnicolae est vidi dilapsa ianua gelidum, Ismenus. Est dic lacertos regnum quippe certo, ut vultus tollere.

## Iacentes temptabat

Novissima adfixa declinat Labros et librat herbida se sacro amplectitur moenia: parcite nam quoque pugnat non quam tot. Sole et enim inundet? Ecce urbesque _obliquis_, non patietur fuga fixa feros horruit [ferox tui](http://www.postquam.org/gravatumiphis.html), de.

1. Argentea ait exstabant trames
2. Nocti liquidum Minervae Cerberus quas
3. Neque removente

## Respondere prior si ingemit bellare

Cadme tetigit in luctus minor mulcebunt tempora, utque sua semper essem cultrosque **enses** praecipitem hunc **vestris**. Restantem iussit poena; quod vendit electarumque mendacem nec sedens quidem Iovi torta cruribus, et? Venit alvum _anima_! Manibusque idem _Aconteus ducat_ multamque et tibi Siphnon; mitissima devenit aut poscitur flumina nymphas revocare obstitit Lyciaeque Meleagros fors.

Orbem dolendi corpore hic [flamma vertere recurvas](http://paruit.com/sineloqui.html), da pedes calido unus armis relinquunt, [flores Minervae formam](http://alumnaesibi.com/unda). Caelo [inposuit](http://invirginibus.org/trahuntur) viribus semper, vesci excipit facta putes. Patitur attonitos acutior dum liquefacta nostra habebat. Duabus victus me suae viscera natorum ferox contulerat, de tuus Pasiphaeia ruunt protinus?

_Multis soror_, mundi paruerit quietem in, temeraria velantque guttura temerarius candens prostravit vera operatus, ut fecimus. Gyaros quaesiti in, a frustra, iacentia hosti. Suae iamque. Sustinet crimen toris, oves hanc est causa tum paravi phocen in natas, crudelis infra erat minimo? Inquit et **loqui studiisque Alpheos** venti spectata velocior [fida](http://www.animiquetantaque.net/atulterius.aspx) Iove habet Cometen rediit; tulisset!

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\content\blog\blog.json`:

```````json
{
    "layout": "layouts/post.html",
    "eleventyComputed": {
        "preloadImg": "{{ image }}",
        "permalink": "/blog/{{ url | slug }}/index.html"
    },
    "tags": "post",
    "preloadCSS": "/assets/css/blog.css"
}

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\content\blog\canitiem-saxa.md`:

```````md
---
title: Canitiem Saxa
url: canitiem-saxa
description: Lorem markdownum trabeati dicere deus.
author: Code Stitch
date: 2023-06-08T15:28:08.486Z
tags:
    - post
    - featured
image: /assets/images/blog/landing.jpg
imageAlt: Kitchen
---

## Aut inter Petraeum

Lorem markdownum trabeati dicere [deus](http://www.aetatis.org/pugnacem.html) traxit certus Scythiam certum, illi mulces. Et nihil dolores? Si scopulis somnus pinguis cadentem, commemorare humanas nepotum [nec doce](http://totoalbi.com/suisfactis), Aiax ipsum! Gente conatur committere esse _efficiens_ fuerat, armis male simulasse, Libys polo.

> Cuperet factus translucet imbres in est templa sua tulit post degener, et quas regia tantus credas graves. Nunc recusat tum moenia per utque deprendi auxiliare quamvis maius tepidae nervos, ultima laqueo! Facto matris, pars saepe loco meosque cuspide.

Equos quod edendo haud, exclamant sum mortale deseret meminisse signat umente. Non fovi lacrimosa mendaci. In ursi, sed removere sequar tamque.

Fera vident; me que adfixa ama mota venabula fertur pectore totoque perculit meosque; placidissime Pergama in. Coeunt _monstri_; dixit sic poma tela, tam eandem flamma auras Rhodopen ultorem in mensae novis numeri. Scelerataque nec decorem modo _silvis medio spoliata_ index **nec chaos Iuno**. Et velis tamquam vulnificus studiisque petunt, expulsumque ille iuncturas ferre feliciter resoluta Euboicam sine, Bellona quem.

1. Bidentum relatus ilice
2. Pes sibila
3. Tamen in est
4. Studiosus foret
5. Sub facit prohibente mihi est

## Portibus Quirino

Enim altam tamen cur magis admiratur [tegebat](http://nepotum-sequantur.org/) Iuppiter forma _perdere possit_. Aniles illum deos longoque, quae si venit tetigit. Huc ferae **refugit**, proles, suggerit videt reliquit, et.

-   Dixit videt sustineat
-   Deduxit et genu
-   Uti contentus sub pater habet arboribus ut
-   Dixit facibusque illas sigillis petitus

Ubi aequoreae, vult huic, transibant dederat, liceret: vidi sacra o securi turaque. Superat hebeti, contortam honoris, di tibi. Vertex exsiluere.

Et patriaeque cum differt tenet [cupies](http://contendere.net/datque.html) contra sic et locuta Aegides opusque. Quamvis Teucri secernunt corpora committitur, **animalibus tanto** Palladis spectatae tamen invida formae Cecropidum pandis, duc Aonius plumbo. Poplitibus stipite fugiebant et rapuere missa iaculabile adunco. Fui caerula territa; latus non reddita, si tecum placet, sepulcrum. Anaxaretes terga patet, figit aulaea nunc quaerentes equo Oebalio Triptolemus exilium tamen preces, vidi alma domestica.

Aere mater potuisse, et _tendit_ alter ferre deseruere _apulus_. Suis _ignis undas_ inops decus scrutantur nymphe, facite latis, si Onetor **ibi**, deme [succincta tinnitibus](http://www.patriae.org/quorumaberant).

Pennis mens restabat sublime iuvenis, _non pariter_ armis. Umbras sed traxit dei latoque petit [triplici ultima](http://etplenum.net/), corpore.

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\content\blog\sucos-creati.md`:

```````md
---
title: Sucos Creati
url: sucos-creati
description: Lorem markdownum Talia. Carinae equis.
author: Code Stitch
date: 2023-06-08T15:27:34.591Z
tags:
    - post
image: /assets/images/blog/landing.jpg
imageAlt: Kitchen
---

## Hospes meus

Lorem markdownum Talia. [Carinae equis](http://lapsasaturnia.com/inducitest).

Illa _fatentur parenti_ formicas dryadas formae cum sexque Thebae exspectat! Turaque lacrimabile patriam aristis. Aggere cum tecta, culpatque potest; utque et os maiores carmine velle altis de signorum. Prosilit alta credo conlapsa erat, coniugis umerique errabat pulsus detestatur! Te dubitat cursu?

Recentes actus currebam exercet exeat tractoque, aethera accusasse **residunt vellentem** Hesperio. Tacitaque lumina _totumque neptis_, mihi genitoris totoque nec vigili.

## Huc est erat

Visa tantis eris nec mox Tydides auras, sarisa arbor, omen paternos curvataque pectore tela decimo Nilus. Postquam _capiat_ Cyllenius unde redditur [inmensum](http://noletiacet.net/aquas-moles) pedibus. Sine quaerant fronde solvo Phoebus iuncique haeret, addit qui obsisto quam dum.

## Et erat

Urbe quae est noscar illi sues praeterque ipsa clipeum, deus terrebit longo solibus, collocat trahit **glomeravit**: montes. Petisses silvas ut, leve [est mei serpit](http://nubespetitis.org/) referuntur nostri, esse tellus Cernis Periphanta belli, hoc sunt.

Rebus vestem tota relictas forte capioque: vel unda servire concitat acervos nubila resonis et unde rupit, in? Ingens omnia, me fit mortalibus viderit elidunt, et queat subvolat; in tuas vitat; ut.

1. Dum et hanc honore ponto parias undam
2. Iuvenci toros nigro numquamque demittitur pro funeribus
3. Dolet fluitque

## Sequitur cortice teneo

Lapsus flammae. Relatus ille irascitur silet querella tacito: misisset! Tamen arduus et, capitis quae, trepidus insequitur illa pactaeque.

-   Se metu
-   Videntur in Stygia tellure
-   Concordare spatiosum
-   Iove progenuit

Praeter vos: nubibus ceu **medio** qui corpore hoc in quid hanc, inpia meae prior Hecabesque illa. Cum hinc rasa tardius litora despectabat inplerant longis; est [vestibus e](http://www.offensa-vana.com/sororibus). Vires auras pedem silvas sumpsit utinam famulis volucris; _crimina cupidine_?

Hostem et pudibundaque quam intima dixit repulsae simul multorumque inde, nymphas ramos paternis. Coepit [Hodites](http://manus.io/cum-scythicis.aspx) ab suae remisso prius cingentibus iussos vincla concordare! Precaris membra substitit communis Rhodopeius fieri _versus in natorum_, est es. Vident paribus an ipse illis, [amplexo](http://nisi.com/) ramaliaque Iovis, potes **simque** omnia.

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\content\content.json`:

```````json
{
    "tags": "sitemap"
}

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\content\pages\about.html`:

```````html
---
title: 'About | Code Stitch Web Designs'
description: 'Meta description for the page'
preloadImg: '/assets/images/cabinets2.jpg'
permalink: 'about/'
eleventyNavigation:
    key: About Us
    order: 200
---

{% extends "layouts/base.html" %}

{% block head %}
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="/assets/css/about.css">
{% endblock %}

{% block body %}
    <!-- ============================================ -->
    <!--                    LANDING                   -->
    <!-- ============================================ -->

    <section id="int-hero">
        <h1 id="home-h">About Us</h1>
        <picture>
            <source media="(max-width: 600px)" srcset="/assets/images/cabinets2-m.jpg">
            <source media="(min-width: 601px)" srcset="/assets/images/cabinets2.jpg">
            <img aria-hidden="true" decoding="async" src="/assets/images/cabinets2.jpg" alt="kitchen cabinets" loading="eager" width="2500" height="1667">
        </picture>

    </section>

    <!-- ============================================ -->
    <!--                 Side By Side                 -->
    <!-- ============================================ -->

    <section id="sbs">
        <div class="cs-container">
            <!-- Left Image Section -->
            <div class="cs-left">
                <picture class="cs-picture cs-picture1">
                    <source media="(max-width: 600px)" srcset="/assets/images/cabinets2-m.jpg">
                    <source media="(min-width: 601px)" srcset="/assets/images/cabinets2.jpg">
                    <img aria-hidden="true" decoding="async" src="/assets/images/cabinets2.jpg" alt="cabinets" loading="lazy" width="400" height="563">
                </picture>
                <picture class="cs-picture cs-picture2">
                    <source media="(max-width: 600px)" srcset="/assets/images/construction-m.jpg">
                    <source media="(min-width: 601px)" srcset="/assets/images/construction.jpg">
                    <img aria-hidden="true" decoding="async" src="/assets/images/construction.jpg" alt="house" loading="lazy" width="400" height="563">
                </picture>
            </div>
            <!-- Right Content Section-->
            <div class="cs-right">
                <span class="cs-topper">About Us</span>
                <h2 class="cs-title">About Company Title</h2>
                <p class="cs-text">
                    In consequat tincidunt turpis sit amet imperdiet. Praesent Class officelan nonatoureanor mauris laoreet, iaculis libero quis. Curabitur et tempus eri consequat tincidunt turpis sit amet imperdiet. Praesent nonatourean olei aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per.
                </p>
                <p class="cs-text">
                    In consequat tincidunt turpis sit amet imperdiet. Praesent Class officelan nonatoureanor mauris laoreet, iaculis libero quis. Curabitur et tempus eri consequat tincidunt turpis sit amet imperdiet. Praesent nonatourean olei aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per.
                </p>
                <div class="cs-flex-group">
                    <p class="cs-flex-p">
                        In consequat tincidunt turpis sit amet imperdiet. Praesent Classei consequat tincidunt turpis sit amet imperdiet for mind.
                    </p>
                    <span class="cs-name">Justin Time</span>
                    <span class="cs-job">CEO-Founder</span>
                    <img class="cs-quote-icon" loading="lazy" decoding="async" src="https://csimg.nyc3.digitaloceanspaces.com/SideBySide/quote-white.svg" alt="gavel" width="136" height="77">
                </div>
                <a href="/projects" class="cs-button-solid">Our Projects</a>
            </div>
        </div>
    </section>

    {% include 'components/cta.html' %}

{% endblock %}
```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\content\pages\blog.html`:

```````html
---
title: 'Blog | Code Stitch Web Designs'
description: 'Meta description for the page'
preloadImg: '/assets/images/cabinets2.jpg'
permalink: 'blog/'
eleventyNavigation:
    key: Blog
    order: 500
---

{% extends "layouts/base.html" %}

{% block head %}
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="/assets/css/blog.css">
{% endblock %}

{% block body %}
    <!-- ============================================ -->
    <!--                    LANDING                   -->
    <!-- ============================================ -->

    <section id="int-hero">
        <h1 id="home-h">Blog</h1>
        <picture>
            <source media="(max-width: 600px)" srcset="/assets/images/cabinets2-m.jpg">
            <source media="(min-width: 601px)" srcset="/assets/images/cabinets2.jpg">
            <img aria-hidden="true" decoding="async" src="/assets/images/cabinets2.jpg" alt="kitchen cabinets" loading="eager" width="2500" height="1667">
        </picture>
    </section>

    <!-- ============================================ -->
    <!--              Main Blog Content               -->
    <!-- ============================================ -->

    <div class="blog-container main-content-wrapper">
        <!--Main content -->
        <div class="main-content">
            <!-- ============================================ -->
            <!--                 Blog Articles                -->
            <!-- ============================================ -->

            {% if collections.post | length == 0 %}
                <h1>No Recent Posts</h1>
            {% else %}
                {%- for post in collections.post | reverse -%}
                    <article class="recent-articles">
                        <!--Main Article Image-->
                        <picture class="blog-mainImage">
                            <img
                            src="{{ post.data.image }}"
                            alt="{{ post.data.imageAlt }}"
                            width="795"
                            height="400"
                            decoding="async"/>
                        </picture>
                        <!--Article Info-->
                        <div class="article-group">
                            <div class="blog-authorGroup">
                                <!--Author Image-->
                                <picture class="blog-author-img">
                                    <img
                                    src="/assets/svgs/profile.svg"
                                    alt="house"
                                    width="32"
                                    height="32"
                                    decoding="async"/>
                                </picture>
                                <span class="blog-author">{{ post.data.author }}</span>
                                <span aria-hidden="true" class="blog-dot"></span>
                                <!--Blog Date-->
                                <span class="blog-date">{{ post.date | postDate }}</span>
                            </div>
                            <h2 class="blog-h1">
                                {{ post.data.title }}
                            </h2>
                            <p class="blog-desc">
                                {{ post.data.description }}
                            </p>
                            <a href="{{ post.url }}" class="blog-link">Continue Reading</a>
                        </div>
                    </article>
                {%- endfor -%}
            {% endif %}
        </div>

        {% include 'components/featured-post.html' %}
    </div>
{% endblock %}
```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\content\pages\contact.html`:

```````html
---
title: 'Contact | Code Stitch Web Designs'
description: 'Meta description for the page'
preloadImg: '/assets/images/cabinets2.jpg'
permalink: 'contact/'
eleventyNavigation:
    key: Contact Us
    order: 600
    hideOnDesktop: true
---

{% extends "layouts/base.html" %}

{% block head %}
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="/assets/css/contact.css">
{% endblock %}

{% block body %}

    <!-- ============================================ -->
    <!--                    LANDING                   -->
    <!-- ============================================ -->

    <section id="int-hero">
        <h1 id="home-h">Contact Us</h1>
        <picture>
            <source media="(max-width: 600px)" srcset="/assets/images/cabinets2-m.jpg">
            <source media="(min-width: 601px)" srcset="/assets/images/cabinets2.jpg">
            <img aria-hidden="true" decoding="async" src="/assets/images/cabinets2.jpg" alt="kitchen cabinets" loading="eager" width="2500" height="1667">
        </picture>
    </section>

    <!-- ============================================ -->
    <!--                Contact Form                  -->
    <!-- ============================================ -->

    <section id="cs-contact">
        <div class="cs-container">
            <form id="cs-form" name="Contact Form" method="post">
                <div class="cs-content">
                    <span class="cs-topper">Contact</span>
                    <h2 class="cs-title">Get in Touch</h2>
                    <p class="cs-text">
                        Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Ridiculus elementum ullamcorper ipsum porttitor aliquam. Id magna urna ultrices odio pulvinar. Sed ut.
                    </p>
                </div>
                <label>
                    Name
                    <input required type="text" id="name" name="name" placeholder="Name">
                </label>
                <label>
                    Email
                    <input required type="text" id="email" name="email" placeholder="Email">
                </label>
                <label>
                    Phone
                    <input required type="text" id="phone" name="phone" placeholder="Phone">
                </label>
                <label>
                    How Did You Find Us
                    <input type="text" id="find" name="find-us" placeholder="How did you find us?">
                </label>
                <label class="cs-label-message">
                    Message
                    <textarea required name="Message" id="message" placeholder="Write message..."></textarea>
                </label>
                <button class="cs-button-solid" type="submit">Submit Message</button>
            </form>
            <div class="cs-right-section">
                <!--Email-->
                <span class="cs-header">Email</span>
                <a class="cs-link" href="mailto:{{client.email}}">{{client.email}}</a>
                <!--Phone-->
                <span class="cs-header">Phone</span>
                <a class="cs-link" href="tel:{{client.phoneForTel}}">{{client.phoneFormatted}}</a>
                <!--Address-->
                <span class="cs-header">Address</span>
                <a class="cs-link" href="{{client.address.mapLink}}">
                    {{client.address.lineOne}},
                    <br/>
                    {{client.address.lineTwo}},
                    <br/>
                    <span class="cs-block">
                        {{client.address.city}}
                        {{client.address.state}}
                        {{client.address.zip}}
                    </span>
                </a>

                <!-- Background Image-->
                <picture class="cs-bg-picture">
                    <source media="(min-width: 601px)" srcset="/assets/images/skyscraper.jpg">
                    <img aria-hidden="true" decoding="async" src="/assets/images/skyscraper.jpg" alt="building" loading="lazy" width="2500" height="1667">
                </picture>

            </div>
        </div>
    </section>
{% endblock %}
```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\content\pages\project-one.html`:

```````html
---
title: 'Project One | Code Stitch Web Designs'
description: 'Meta description for the page'
preloadImg: '/assets/images/cabinets2.jpg'
permalink: 'project-one/'
eleventyNavigation:
    key: Project One
    order: 3100
    parent: Projects
---

{% extends "layouts/base.html" %}

{% block head %}
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="/assets/css/projects.css">
{% endblock %}

{% block body %}

    <!-- ============================================ -->
    <!--                    LANDING                   -->
    <!-- ============================================ -->

    <section id="int-hero">
        <h1 id="home-h">Project One Gallery</h1>
        <picture>
            <source media="(max-width: 600px)" srcset="/assets/images/cabinets2-m.jpg">
            <source media="(min-width: 601px)" srcset="/assets/images/cabinets2.jpg">
            <img aria-hidden="true" decoding="async" src="/assets/images/cabinets2.jpg" alt="kitchen cabinets" loading="eager" width="2500" height="1667">
        </picture>
    </section>

    <!-- ============================================ -->
    <!--                   Gallery                    -->
    <!-- ============================================ -->

    <section id="gallery">
        <div class="cs-container">
            <div class="cs-image-group">
                <!-- Row 1-->
                <div class="cs-row cs-row-1">
                    <picture class="cs-picture cs-picture1">
                        <source media="(max-width: 600px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port1-m.jpg">
                        <source media="(min-width: 601px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port1.jpg">
                        <img aria-hidden="true" decoding="async" src="/assets/images/portfolio/port1.jpg" alt="new hallway" loading="lazy" width="400" height="560">
                    </picture>
                    <picture class="cs-picture cs-picture2">
                        <source media="(max-width: 600px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port4-m.jpg">
                        <source media="(min-width: 601px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port4.jpg">
                        <img aria-hidden="true" decoding="async" src="/assets/images/portfolio/port4.jpg" alt="new home construction" loading="lazy" width="400" height="560">
                    </picture>
                    <picture class="cs-picture cs-picture3">
                        <source media="(max-width: 600px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port7-m.jpg">
                        <source media="(min-width: 601px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port7.jpg">
                        <img aria-hidden="true" decoding="async" src="/assets/images/portfolio/port7.jpg" alt="building a new wall" loading="lazy" width="400" height="560">
                    </picture>
                    <!-- To add more images, copy and paste this row's picture tags here in order from cs-picture-1 to cs-picture-3 and they will maintain the same layout-->
                </div>
                <!-- Row 2 -->
                <div class="cs-row cs-row-2">
                    <picture class="cs-picture cs-picture1">
                        <source media="(max-width: 600px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port2-m.jpg">
                        <source media="(min-width: 601px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port2.jpg">
                        <img aria-hidden="true" decoding="async" src="/assets/images/portfolio/port2.jpg" alt="new kitchen" loading="lazy" width="400" height="560">
                    </picture>
                    <picture class="cs-picture cs-picture2">
                        <source media="(max-width: 600px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port5-m.jpg">
                        <source media="(min-width: 601px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port5.jpg">
                        <img aria-hidden="true" decoding="async" src="/assets/images/portfolio/port5.jpg" alt="apartment addition" loading="lazy" width="400" height="560">
                    </picture>
                    <picture class="cs-picture cs-picture3">
                        <source media="(max-width: 600px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port8-m.jpg">
                        <source media="(min-width: 601px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port8.jpg">
                        <img aria-hidden="true" decoding="async" src="/assets/images/portfolio/port8.jpg" alt="kew kitchen cabinets" loading="lazy" width="400" height="560">
                    </picture>
                    <!-- To add more images, copy and paste this row's picture tags here in order from cs-picture-1 to cs-picture-3 and they will maintain the same layout-->
                </div>
                <!-- Row 3 -->
                <div class="cs-row cs-row-3">
                    <picture class="cs-picture cs-picture1">
                        <source media="(max-width: 600px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port3-m.jpg">
                        <source media="(min-width: 601px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port3.jpg">
                        <img aria-hidden="true" decoding="async" src="/assets/images/portfolio/port3.jpg" alt="new kitchen" loading="lazy" width="400" height="560">
                    </picture>
                    <picture class="cs-picture cs-picture2">
                        <source media="(max-width: 600px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port6-m.jpg">
                        <source media="(min-width: 601px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port6.jpg">
                        <img aria-hidden="true" decoding="async" src="/assets/images/portfolio/port6.jpg" alt="apartment addition" loading="lazy" width="400" height="560">
                    </picture>
                    <picture class="cs-picture cs-picture3">
                        <source media="(max-width: 600px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port9-m.jpg">
                        <source media="(min-width: 601px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port9.jpg">
                        <img aria-hidden="true" decoding="async" src="/assets/images/portfolio/port9.jpg" alt="kew kitchen cabinets" loading="lazy" width="400" height="560">
                    </picture>

                    <!-- To add more images, copy and paste this row's picture tags here in order from cs-picture-1 to cs-picture-3 and they will maintain the same layout-->
                </div>
            </div>
            <a href="/contact" class="cs-button-solid">Get Free Quote</a>
        </div>
    </section>

    {% include 'components/cta.html' %}

{% endblock %}
```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\content\pages\project-two.html`:

```````html
---
title: 'Project Two | Code Stitch Web Designs'
description: 'Meta description for the page'
preloadImg: '/assets/images/cabinets2.jpg'
permalink: 'project-two/'
eleventyNavigation:
    key: Project Two
    order: 3200
    parent: Projects
---

{% extends "layouts/base.html" %}

{% block head %}
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="/assets/css/projects.css">
{% endblock %}

{% block body %}

    <!-- ============================================ -->
    <!--                    LANDING                   -->
    <!-- ============================================ -->

    <section id="int-hero">
        <h1 id="home-h">Project Two Gallery</h1>
        <picture>
            <source media="(max-width: 600px)" srcset="/assets/images/cabinets2-m.jpg">
            <source media="(min-width: 601px)" srcset="/assets/images/cabinets2.jpg">
            <img aria-hidden="true" decoding="async" src="/assets/images/cabinets2.jpg" alt="kitchen cabinets" loading="eager" width="2500" height="1667">
        </picture>
    </section>

    <!-- ============================================ -->
    <!--                   Gallery                    -->
    <!-- ============================================ -->

    <section id="gallery">
        <div class="cs-container">
            <div class="cs-image-group">
                <!-- Row 1-->
                <div class="cs-row cs-row-1">
                    <picture class="cs-picture cs-picture1">
                        <source media="(max-width: 600px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port1-m.jpg">
                        <source media="(min-width: 601px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port1.jpg">
                        <img aria-hidden="true" decoding="async" src="/assets/images/portfolio/port1.jpg" alt="new hallway" loading="lazy" width="400" height="560">
                    </picture>
                    <picture class="cs-picture cs-picture2">
                        <source media="(max-width: 600px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port4-m.jpg">
                        <source media="(min-width: 601px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port4.jpg">
                        <img aria-hidden="true" decoding="async" src="/assets/images/portfolio/port4.jpg" alt="new home construction" loading="lazy" width="400" height="560">
                    </picture>
                    <picture class="cs-picture cs-picture3">
                        <source media="(max-width: 600px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port7-m.jpg">
                        <source media="(min-width: 601px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port7.jpg">
                        <img aria-hidden="true" decoding="async" src="/assets/images/portfolio/port7.jpg" alt="building a new wall" loading="lazy" width="400" height="560">
                    </picture>
                    <!-- To add more images, copy and paste this row's picture tags here in order from cs-picture-1 to cs-picture-3 and they will maintain the same layout-->
                </div>
                <!-- Row 2 -->
                <div class="cs-row cs-row-2">
                    <picture class="cs-picture cs-picture1">
                        <source media="(max-width: 600px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port2-m.jpg">
                        <source media="(min-width: 601px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port2.jpg">
                        <img aria-hidden="true" decoding="async" src="/assets/images/portfolio/port2.jpg" alt="new kitchen" loading="lazy" width="400" height="560">
                    </picture>
                    <picture class="cs-picture cs-picture2">
                        <source media="(max-width: 600px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port5-m.jpg">
                        <source media="(min-width: 601px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port5.jpg">
                        <img aria-hidden="true" decoding="async" src="/assets/images/portfolio/port5.jpg" alt="apartment addition" loading="lazy" width="400" height="560">
                    </picture>
                    <picture class="cs-picture cs-picture3">
                        <source media="(max-width: 600px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port8-m.jpg">
                        <source media="(min-width: 601px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port8.jpg">
                        <img aria-hidden="true" decoding="async" src="/assets/images/portfolio/port8.jpg" alt="kew kitchen cabinets" loading="lazy" width="400" height="560">
                    </picture>
                    <!-- To add more images, copy and paste this row's picture tags here in order from cs-picture-1 to cs-picture-3 and they will maintain the same layout-->
                </div>
                <!-- Row 3 -->
                <div class="cs-row cs-row-3">
                    <picture class="cs-picture cs-picture1">
                        <source media="(max-width: 600px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port3-m.jpg">
                        <source media="(min-width: 601px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port3.jpg">
                        <img aria-hidden="true" decoding="async" src="/assets/images/portfolio/port3.jpg" alt="new kitchen" loading="lazy" width="400" height="560">
                    </picture>
                    <picture class="cs-picture cs-picture2">
                        <source media="(max-width: 600px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port6-m.jpg">
                        <source media="(min-width: 601px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port6.jpg">
                        <img aria-hidden="true" decoding="async" src="/assets/images/portfolio/port6.jpg" alt="apartment addition" loading="lazy" width="400" height="560">
                    </picture>
                    <picture class="cs-picture cs-picture3">
                        <source media="(max-width: 600px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port9-m.jpg">
                        <source media="(min-width: 601px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port9.jpg">
                        <img aria-hidden="true" decoding="async" src="/assets/images/portfolio/port9.jpg" alt="kew kitchen cabinets" loading="lazy" width="400" height="560">
                    </picture>

                    <!-- To add more images, copy and paste this row's picture tags here in order from cs-picture-1 to cs-picture-3 and they will maintain the same layout-->
                </div>
            </div>
            <a href="/contact" class="cs-button-solid">Get Free Quote</a>
        </div>
    </section>

    {% include 'components/cta.html' %}

{% endblock %}
```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\content\pages\projects.html`:

```````html
---
permalink: false
eleventyNavigation:
    key: Projects
    order: 300
---

{# 
    The starter kit uses the eleventy navigation plugin to render navigation items using data defined within the page,
    making the navigation easy to control in larger projects.
    https://www.11ty.dev/docs/plugins/navigation/

    In the starter kit, dropdowns are created by defining a "parent" in the eleventyNavigation frontmatter data of the child
    page (see pages/project-one.html as an example).

    To create the dropdown "parent", which gets rendered as a <span> (as opposed to an <a>) we need to create a blank HTML
    file with the eleventyNavigation frontmatter defined, as shown in this example file.

    Make sure the permalink is set to "false", which prevents a HTML file being made in /public and keeps this page from
    being written to the sitemap.
#}
```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\content\pages\reviews.html`:

```````html
---
title: 'Reviews | Code Stitch Web Designs'
description: 'Meta description for the page'
preloadImg: '/assets/images/cabinets2.jpg'
permalink: 'reviews/'
eleventyNavigation:
    key: Reviews
    order: 400
---

{% extends "layouts/base.html" %}

{% block head %}
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="/assets/css/reviews.css">
{% endblock %}

{% block body %}

    <!-- ============================================ -->
    <!--                    LANDING                   -->
    <!-- ============================================ -->

    <section id="int-hero">
        <h1 id="home-h">Our Reviews</h1>
        <picture class="cs-picture">
            <source media="(max-width: 600px)" srcset="/assets/images/landing-m.webp">
            <source media="(min-width: 601px)" srcset="/assets/images/landing.jpg">
            <img aria-hidden="true" decoding="async" src="/assets/images/landing.jpg" alt="new home" width="2500" height="1667" loading="eager">
        </picture>
    </section>

    <!-- ============================================ -->
    <!--                  Reviews                     -->
    <!-- ============================================ -->

    <section id="reviews">
        <div class="container">
            <div class="review">
                <picture>
                    <img class="profile" loading="lazy" decoding="async" src="/assets/svgs/profile.svg" alt="" width="99" height="99">
                </picture>
                <p>
                    Lorem ipsum dolor, sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit. Sed recusandae rerum unde similique ratione sapiente necessitatibus natus mollitia nam iusto.
                </p>
                <div class="star-group">
                    <span class="name">B Miller<span class="desc">Homeowner</span></span>
                    <picture>
                        <img aria-hidden="true" loading="lazy" decoding="async" src="/assets/svgs/stars.svg" alt="stars" width="91" height="15">
                    </picture>
                </div>
            </div>
            <div class="review">
                <picture>
                    <img class="profile" loading="lazy" decoding="async" src="/assets/svgs/profile.svg" alt="" width="99" height="99">
                </picture>
                <p>
                    Lorem ipsum dolor, sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit. Sed recusandae rerum unde similique ratione sapiente necessitatibus natus mollitia nam iusto.
                </p>
                <div class="star-group">
                    <span class="name">Vincent M.<span class="desc">Homeowner</span></span>
                    <picture>
                        <img aria-hidden="true" loading="lazy" decoding="async" src="/assets/svgs/stars.svg" alt="stars" width="91" height="15">
                    </picture>
                </div>
            </div>
            <div class="review">
                <picture>
                    <img class="profile" loading="lazy" decoding="async" src="/assets/svgs/profile.svg" alt="" width="99" height="99">
                </picture>
                <p>
                    Lorem ipsum dolor, sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit. Sed recusandae rerum unde similique ratione sapiente necessitatibus natus mollitia nam iusto.
                </p>
                <div class="star-group">
                    <span class="name">Alex L.<span class="desc">Homeowner</span></span>
                    <picture>
                        <img aria-hidden="true" loading="lazy" decoding="async" src="/assets/svgs/stars.svg" alt="stars" width="91" height="15">
                    </picture>
                </div>
            </div>
            <div class="review">
                <picture>
                    <img class="profile" loading="lazy" decoding="async" src="/assets/svgs/profile-woman.svg" alt="" width="99" height="99">
                </picture>
                <p>
                    Lorem ipsum dolor, sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit. Sed recusandae rerum unde similique ratione sapiente necessitatibus natus mollitia nam iusto.
                </p>
                <div class="star-group">
                    <span class="name">Arrieana M.<span class="desc">Homeowner</span></span>
                    <picture>
                        <img aria-hidden="true" loading="lazy" decoding="async" src="/assets/svgs/stars.svg" alt="stars" width="91" height="15">
                    </picture>
                </div>
            </div>
            <div class="review">
                <picture>
                    <img class="profile" loading="lazy" decoding="async" src="/assets/svgs/profile.svg" alt="" width="99" height="99">
                </picture>
                <p>
                    Lorem ipsum dolor, sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit. Sed recusandae rerum unde similique ratione sapiente necessitatibus natus mollitia nam iusto.
                </p>
                <div class="star-group">
                    <span class="name">Leo N.<span class="desc">Homeowner</span></span>
                    <picture>
                        <img aria-hidden="true" loading="lazy" decoding="async" src="/assets/svgs/stars.svg" alt="stars" width="91" height="15">
                    </picture>
                </div>
            </div>
            <div class="review">
                <picture>
                    <img class="profile" loading="lazy" decoding="async" src="/assets/svgs/profile.svg" alt="" width="99" height="99">
                </picture>
                <p>
                    Lorem ipsum dolor, sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit. Sed recusandae rerum unde similique ratione sapiente necessitatibus natus mollitia nam iusto.
                </p>
                <div class="star-group">
                    <span class="name">Brian A.<span class="desc">Homeowner</span></span>
                    <picture>
                        <img aria-hidden="true" loading="lazy" decoding="async" src="/assets/svgs/stars.svg" alt="stars" width="91" height="15">
                    </picture>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
    </section>

    {% include 'components/cta.html' %}

{% endblock %}
```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\content\pages\_template.txt`:

```````txt
---
title: 'Page title for <title> and OG tags'
description: 'Description for <meta> description and OG tags'
preloadImg: '/assets/images/imagename.format'
permalink: 'page-path/'
eleventyNavigation:
    key: Name to appear in navigation
    order: 1000
    parent: Optional - Put another page's "key" here to create a dropdown
    hideOnMobile: Optional - set to "true" to hide on devices from, and below, 1023px
    hideOnDesktop: Optional - set to "true" to hide on devices above, and including, 1024px
---

{% extends "layouts/base.html" %}

{% block head %}
    <!-- Any page-specific tags that belong in the <head>, such as a page-specific stylesheet -->
{% endblock %}

{% block body %}
    <!-- Page HTML goes here, without a <main> wrapper. The <main> tag is already presented in layouts/base.html -->
{% endblock %}
```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\index.html`:

```````html
---
title: 'Pixel Perfect Websites | Code Stitch Web Designs | Denver, CO'
description: 'Meta description for the page'
preloadImg: '/assets/images/landing.jpg'
permalink: '/'
tags: 'sitemap' # Sitemap will use all pages in content/, due to content.json. As index.html is not included in content/ we need to manually add the sitemap tag to this page (only).
eleventyNavigation:
  key: Home
  order: 100
---

{% extends "layouts/base.html" %}

{% block head %}
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="/assets/css/local.css"/>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="/assets/css/critical.css"/>

    <!-- Script for Netlify Identity -->
    <script defer src="https://identity.netlify.com/v1/netlify-identity-widget.js"></script>
    <script defer>
        if (window.netlifyIdentity) {
            window
                .netlifyIdentity
                .on('init', (user) => {
                    if (!user) {
                        window
                            .netlifyIdentity
                            .on('login', () => {
                                document.location.href = '/admin/';
                            });
                    }
                });
        }
    </script>

    <!-- JSON Schema Markup -->
    <script type="application/ld+json">
        {
            "@context": "http://schema.org",
            "@type": "LocalBusiness",
            "name": "{{ client.name }}",
            {% if preloadImg %}"image": "{{ preloadImg }}",{% endif %}
            {% if client.phoneFormatted %}"telephone": "{{ client.phoneFormatted }}",{% endif %}
            {% if client.email %}"email": "{{ client.email }}",{% endif %}
            {% if client.address %}
                "address": {
                    "@type": "PostalAddress"{% if client.address.lineOne %},
                        "streetAddress": "{{ client.address.lineOne }}{% if client.address.lineTwo %}, {{ client.address.lineTwo }}{% endif %}"
                    {% endif %}
                    {% if client.address.city %},
                        "addressLocality": "{{ client.address.city }}"
                    {% endif %}
                    {% if client.address.state %},
                        "addressRegion": "{{ client.address.state }}"
                    {% endif %}
                    {% if client.address.zip %},
                        "postalCode": "{{ client.address.zip }}"
                    {% endif %}
                    {% if client.address.country %},
                        "addressCountry": "{{ client.address.country }}"
                    {% endif %}
                },
            {% endif %}
            {% if client.domain and page.url %}"url": "{{ client.domain }}{{ page.url }}",{% endif %}
            {% if client.socials %}
                "sameAs": [{% for platform, url in client.socials %}
                        {% if not loop.first %},{% endif %}
                        "{{ url }}"
                    {% endfor %}]
            {% endif %}
        }
    </script>
{% endblock %}

{% block body %}

    <!-- ============================================ -->
    <!--                    Hero                      -->
    <!-- ============================================ -->

    <section id="hero">
        <div class="cs-container">
            <div class="cs-flex-group">
                <span class="cs-topper">mountain hiking society</span>
                <h1 class="cs-title">Explore the World with Exciting People</h1>
                <p class="cs-text">
                    Tincidunt lobortis feugiat vivamus at augue eget arcu dictum varius. Nibh tortor id aliquet lectus proin nibh condimentum.
                </p>
                <a href="/about" class="cs-button-solid">Explore More</a>
                <a href="/contact" class="cs-button-transparent">
                    <img
                    class="cs-img"
                    loading="lazy"
                    decoding="async"
                    src="https://csimg.nyc3.digitaloceanspaces.com/Hero/play.svg"
                    alt="play icon"
                    width="17"
                    height="17"/>
                    Get in Touch
                </a>
            </div>
        </div>

        <!-- Background Image -->
        <picture class="cs-picture">
            <source media="(max-width: 600px)" srcset="/assets/images/landing-m.webp">
            <source media="(min-width: 601px)" srcset="/assets/images/landing.jpg">
            <img aria-hidden="true" decoding="async" src="/assets/images/landing.jpg" alt="new home" width="2500" height="1667" loading="eager">
        </picture>
    </section>

    <!-- ============================================ -->
    <!--                  Services                    -->
    <!-- ============================================ -->

    <section id="services" class="services">
        <!-- Get Icons From flaticon.com -->
        <div class="card">
            <picture>
                <img
                aria-hidden="true"
                decoding="async"
                src="/assets/svgs/service1.svg"
                alt="appliance"
                width="48"
                height="48"/>
            </picture>
            <h2>Service 1</h2>
            <p>Talk about the service with keywords people will be searching for it by. Keep it 1-2 sentences.</p>
        </div>
        <div class="card">
            <picture>
                <img
                aria-hidden="true"
                decoding="async"
                src="/assets/svgs/service2.svg"
                alt="appliance"
                width="48"
                height="48"/>
            </picture>
            <h2>Service 2</h2>
            <p>Talk about the service with keywords people will be searching for it by. Keep it 1-2 sentences.</p>
        </div>
        <div class="card">
            <picture>
                <img
                aria-hidden="true"
                decoding="async"
                src="/assets/svgs/service3.svg"
                alt="appliance"
                width="48"
                height="48"/>
            </picture>
            <h2>Service 3</h2>
            <p>Talk about the service with keywords people will be searching for it by. Keep it 1-2 sentences.</p>
        </div>
    </section>

    <!-- ============================================ -->
    <!--                 Side By Side                 -->
    <!-- ============================================ -->

    <section id="sbs">
        <div class="cs-container">
            <!-- Left Image Section -->
            <div class="cs-left">
                <picture class="cs-picture cs-picture1">
                    <source media="(max-width: 600px)" srcset="/assets/images/cabinets2-m.jpg">
                    <source media="(min-width: 601px)" srcset="/assets/images/cabinets2.jpg">
                    <img aria-hidden="true" decoding="async" src="/assets/images/cabinets2.jpg" alt="cabinets" loading="lazy" width="400" height="563">
                </picture>
                <picture class="cs-picture cs-picture2">
                    <source media="(max-width: 600px)" srcset="/assets/images/construction-m.jpg">
                    <source media="(min-width: 601px)" srcset="/assets/images/construction.jpg">
                    <img aria-hidden="true" decoding="async" src="/assets/images/construction.jpg" alt="house" loading="lazy" width="400" height="563">
                </picture>
            </div>
            <!-- Right Content Section-->
            <div class="cs-right">
                <span class="cs-topper">About Us</span>
                <h2 class="cs-title">About Company Title</h2>
                <p class="cs-text">
                    In consequat tincidunt turpis sit amet imperdiet. Praesent Class officelan nonatoureanor mauris laoreet, iaculis libero quis. Curabitur et tempus eri consequat tincidunt turpis sit amet imperdiet. Praesent nonatourean olei aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per.
                </p>
                <p class="cs-text">
                    In consequat tincidunt turpis sit amet imperdiet. Praesent Class officelan nonatoureanor mauris laoreet, iaculis libero quis. Curabitur et tempus eri consequat tincidunt turpis sit amet imperdiet. Praesent nonatourean olei aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per.
                </p>
                <div class="cs-flex-group">
                    <p class="cs-flex-p">
                        In consequat tincidunt turpis sit amet imperdiet. Praesent Classei consequat tincidunt turpis sit amet imperdiet for mind.
                    </p>
                    <span class="cs-name">Justin Time</span>
                    <span class="cs-job">CEO-Founder</span>
                    <img 
                    class="cs-quote-icon"
                    loading="lazy"
                    decoding="async"
                    src="https://csimg.nyc3.digitaloceanspaces.com/SideBySide/quote-white.svg"
                    alt="gavel"
                    width="136"
                    height="77"/>
                </div>
                <a href="/about" class="cs-button-solid">More About Us</a>
            </div>
        </div>
    </section>

    <!-- ============================================ -->
    <!--            Extra Content To Rank             -->
    <!-- ============================================ -->

    <section id="sbs-r">
        <div class="cs-container">
            <!-- Left Image Section -->
            <div class="cs-left">
                <picture class="cs-picture cs-picture1">
                    <source media="(max-width: 600px)" srcset="/assets/images/construction-m.jpg">
                    <source media="(min-width: 601px)" srcset="/assets/images/construction.jpg">
                    <img aria-hidden="true" decoding="async" src="/assets/images/construction.jpg" alt="house" loading="lazy" width="400" height="560">
                </picture>
                <picture class="cs-picture cs-picture2">
                    <source media="(max-width: 600px)" srcset="/assets/images/cabinets2-m.jpg">
                    <source media="(min-width: 601px)" srcset="/assets/images/cabinets2.jpg">
                    <img aria-hidden="true" decoding="async" src="/assets/images/cabinets2.jpg" alt="cabinets" loading="lazy" width="400" height="560">
                </picture>
            </div>
            <!-- Right Content Section-->
            <div class="cs-right">
                <span class="cs-topper">SEO Ranking</span>
                <h2 class="cs-title">Talk about a main service keyword</h2>
                <p class="cs-text">
                    In consequat tincidunt turpis sit amet imperdiet. Praesent Class officelan nonatoureanor mauris laoreet, iaculis libero quis. Curabitur et tempus eri consequat tincidunt turpis sit amet imperdiet. Praesent nonatourean olei aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per.
                </p>
                <p class="cs-text">
                    Lorem, ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit. Non tenetur, iure nihil ipsam qui atque commodi id voluptatem nesciunt, quis animi fuga cum doloribus! Eaque laboriosam, unde consectetur iure asperiores ullam. Consequuntur debitis a voluptatibus vitae optio autem explicabo quia neque est quas, in placeat. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit. Doloribus modi laudantium voluptatibus rem libero error minus quia eligendi sapiente eos.
                </p>
                <a href="/blog" class="cs-button-solid">Read our Blog</a>
            </div>
        </div>
    </section>

    <!-- ============================================ -->
    <!--                   Gallery                    -->
    <!-- ============================================ -->

    <section id="gallery">
        <div class="cs-container">
            <span class="cs-topper">Our Portfolio</span>
            <h2 class="cs-title">Et orci volutpat, back up generator installations</h2>
            <div class="cs-image-group">
                <!-- Row 1-->
                <div class="cs-row cs-row-1">
                    <!-- To add more images, copy and paste this row's picture tags here in order from cs-picture-1 to cs-picture-3 and they will maintain the same layout-->
                    <picture class="cs-picture cs-picture1">
                        <source media="(max-width: 600px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port1-m.jpg">
                        <source media="(min-width: 601px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port1.jpg">
                        <img aria-hidden="true" decoding="async" src="/assets/images/portfolio/port1.jpg" alt="new hallway" loading="lazy" width="400" height="560">
                    </picture>
                    <picture class="cs-picture cs-picture2">
                        <source media="(max-width: 600px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port4-m.jpg">
                        <source media="(min-width: 601px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port4.jpg">
                        <img aria-hidden="true" decoding="async" src="/assets/images/portfolio/port4.jpg" alt="new home construction" loading="lazy" width="400" height="560">
                    </picture>
                    <picture class="cs-picture cs-picture3">
                        <source media="(max-width: 600px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port7-m.jpg">
                        <source media="(min-width: 601px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port7.jpg">
                        <img aria-hidden="true" decoding="async" src="/assets/images/portfolio/port7.jpg" alt="building a new wall" loading="lazy" width="400" height="560">
                    </picture>
                </div>
                <!-- Row 2 -->
                <div class="cs-row cs-row-2">
                    <!-- To add more images, copy and paste this row's picture tags here in order from cs-picture-1 to cs-picture-3 and they will maintain the same layout-->
                    <picture class="cs-picture cs-picture1">
                        <source media="(max-width: 600px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port2-m.jpg">
                        <source media="(min-width: 601px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port2.jpg">
                        <img aria-hidden="true" decoding="async" src="/assets/images/portfolio/port2.jpg" alt="new kitchen" loading="lazy" width="400" height="560">
                    </picture>
                    <picture class="cs-picture cs-picture2">
                        <source media="(max-width: 600px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port5-m.jpg">
                        <source media="(min-width: 601px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port5.jpg">
                        <img aria-hidden="true" decoding="async" src="/assets/images/portfolio/port5.jpg" alt="apartment addition" loading="lazy" width="400" height="560">
                    </picture>
                    <picture class="cs-picture cs-picture3">
                        <source media="(max-width: 600px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port8-m.jpg">
                        <source media="(min-width: 601px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port8.jpg">
                        <img aria-hidden="true" decoding="async" src="/assets/images/portfolio/port8.jpg" alt="kew kitchen cabinets" loading="lazy" width="400" height="560">
                    </picture>
                </div>
                <!-- Row 3 -->
                <div class="cs-row cs-row-3">
                    <!-- To add more images, copy and paste this row's picture tags here in order from cs-picture-1 to cs-picture-3 and they will maintain the same layout-->
                    <picture class="cs-picture cs-picture1">
                        <source media="(max-width: 600px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port3-m.jpg">
                        <source media="(min-width: 601px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port3.jpg">
                        <img aria-hidden="true" decoding="async" src="/assets/images/portfolio/port3.jpg" alt="new kitchen" loading="lazy" width="400" height="560">
                    </picture>
                    <picture class="cs-picture cs-picture2">
                        <source media="(max-width: 600px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port6-m.jpg">
                        <source media="(min-width: 601px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port6.jpg">
                        <img aria-hidden="true" decoding="async" src="/assets/images/portfolio/port6.jpg" alt="apartment addition" loading="lazy" width="400" height="560">
                    </picture>
                    <picture class="cs-picture cs-picture3">
                        <source media="(max-width: 600px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port9-m.jpg">
                        <source media="(min-width: 601px)" srcset="/assets/images/portfolio/port9.jpg">
                        <img aria-hidden="true" decoding="async" src="/assets/images/portfolio/port9.jpg" alt="kew kitchen cabinets" loading="lazy" width="400" height="560">
                    </picture>

                </div>
            </div>
            <a href="/projects" class="cs-button-solid">View Full Gallery</a>
        </div>
    </section>

    <!-- ============================================ -->
    <!--                   Reviews                    -->
    <!-- ============================================ -->

    <section id="reviews">
        <div class="cs-container">
            <span class="cs-topper">Our Reviews</span>
            <h2 class="cs-title">Words From Our Customers</h2>
            <p class="cs-text">
                Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Sit dolor volutpat porttitor sagittis nunc nisl. Sagittis sit pellentesque gravida viverra. Leo ut sed euismod tortor risus et. Ornare non neque, leo, ornare. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.
            </p>
            <ul class="cs-card-group">
                <!-- Review 1 -->
                <li class="cs-item">
                    <img
                    class="cs-item-img"
                    aria-hidden="true"
                    loading="lazy"
                    decoding="async"
                    src="https://csimg.nyc3.digitaloceanspaces.com/Reviews/profile5.png"
                    alt="profile picture"
                    width="80"
                    height="80"/>
                    <p class="cs-item-p">
                        Dictum dolor, nullam morbi sem in auctor proin. Consequat dolor habitasse nam sed tempor. Viverra magna pharetra rhoncus, nec sed ullamcorper lectus et. Auctor velit diam fermentum consequat. Feugiat viverra massa urna, volutpat orci imperdiet eget eget.
                    </p>
                    <span class="cs-reviewer">
                        Jon Doe
                        <span class="cs-desc">Homeowner</span>
                    </span>
                    <img
                    class="cs-item-stars"
                    aria-hidden="true"
                    loading="lazy"
                    decoding="async"
                    src="https://csimg.nyc3.digitaloceanspaces.com/Reviews/stars-yellow.svg"
                    alt="stars"
                    width="96"
                    height="16"/>
                </li>
                <!-- Review 2 -->
                <li class="cs-item">
                    <img
                    class="cs-item-img"
                    aria-hidden="true"
                    loading="lazy"
                    decoding="async"
                    src="https://csimg.nyc3.digitaloceanspaces.com/Reviews/profile-4.png"
                    alt="profile picture"
                    width="80"
                    height="80"/>
                    <p class="cs-item-p">
                        Dictum dolor, nullam morbi sem in auctor proin. Consequat dolor habitasse nam sed tempor. Viverra magna pharetra rhoncus, nec sed ullamcorper lectus et. Auctor velit diam fermentum consequat. Feugiat viverra massa urna, volutpat orci imperdiet eget eget.
                    </p>
                    <span class="cs-reviewer">
                        Jane Doe
                        <span class="cs-desc">Homeowner</span>
                    </span>
                    <img
                    class="cs-item-stars"
                    aria-hidden="true"
                    loading="lazy"
                    decoding="async"
                    src="https://csimg.nyc3.digitaloceanspaces.com/Reviews/stars-yellow.svg"
                    alt="stars"
                    width="96"
                    height="16"/>
                </li>
            </ul>
            <a aria-label="read more reviews" href="/reviews" class="cs-button-solid">Our Reviews</a>
        </div>
    </section>

    {% include 'components/cta.html' %}
{% endblock %}
```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\robots.html`:

```````html
---
permalink: /robots.txt
layout: null
eleventyExcludeFromCollections: true
---
User-agent: *
Disallow: /admin/
Allow: /

Sitemap: {{ client.domain }}/sitemap.xml
 
```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\sitemap.html`:

```````html
---
permalink: /sitemap.xml
layout: null
eleventyExcludeFromCollections: true
---
{% sitemap collections.sitemap %}
```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\_data\client.js`:

```````js
module.exports = {
    "name": "Code Stitch Web Designs",
    "email": "help@codestitch.app",
    "phoneForTel": "555-779-4407",
    "phoneFormatted": "(555) 779-4407",
    "address": {
        "lineOne": "First Address Line",
        "lineTwo": "Second Address Line",
        "city": "Denver",
        "state": "CO",
        "zip": "80206",
        "country": "US",
        "mapLink": "https://goo.gl/maps/UAQn4vuGDiwv7DV39"
    },
    "socials": {
        "facebook": "https://www.facebook.com/",
        "instagram": "https://www.instagram.com/",
    },
    //! Make sure you include the file protocol (e.g. https://) and that NO TRAILING SLASH is included
    "domain": "https://www.example.com"
};

```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\_includes\components\cta.html`:

```````html
<!-- ============================================ -->
<!--             Final Call to Action             -->
<!-- ============================================ -->

<section id="cta">
    <div class="container">
        <h2 class="title">
            Get It Done
            <br/>
            With Us Today
        </h2>
        <p>
            Say something catchy, informative, and encouraging to click the button to go to the contact page. I like to add these to the bottom of all pages.
        </p>
        <a href="/contact" class="cs-button-solid">Get an Estimate Now</a>
    </div>
    <picture>
        <source media="(max-width: 600px)" srcset="/assets/images/cabinets2-m.jpg">
        <source media="(min-width: 601px)" srcset="/assets/images/cabinets2.jpg">
        <img aria-hidden="true" decoding="async" src="/assets/images/cabinets2.jpg" alt="kitchen cabinets" loading="lazy" width="2500" height="1667">
    </picture>

</section>
```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\_includes\components\featured-post.html`:

```````html
<!-- ============================================ -->
<!--                Featured Posts                -->
<!-- ============================================ -->

<div class="blog-sidebar">
    <!--Featured-->
    <div class="blog-featured-group">
        <span class="blog-header">Featured Posts</span>
        {%- for post in collections.featured | reverse -%}
            <a class="blog-feature" href="{{ post.url }}">
                <picture class="blog-featureImage">
                    <img
                        src="{{ post.data.image }}" 
                        alt="{{ post.data.imageAlt }}"
                        width="60"
                        height="60"
                        decoding="async">
                </picture>
                <div class="content-group">
                    <h3 class="feature-h3">{{ post.data.title }}</h3>
                    <span class="feature-date">{{ post.date | postDate }}</span>
                </div>
            </a>
        {%- endfor -%}
    </div>
    <!--Add anything else in the sidebar below-->
</div>
```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\_includes\components\footer.html`:

```````html
<!-- ============================================ -->
<!--                   Footer                     -->
<!-- ============================================ -->

<footer id="footer">
    <div class="container">
        <div class="left-section">
            <a class="logo" href="/"><img loading="lazy" decoding="async" src="/assets/svgs/logo-white.svg" alt="logo" width="264" height="78"></a>
            <p>
                Extra content if you need it, if not you can delete this whole p tag. I usually do.
            </p>
        </div>
        <div class="right-section">
            <div class="lists">
                <ul>
                    <li>
                        <h2>Information</h2>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <a href="/">Home</a>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <a href="/about">About Us</a>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <a href="/projects">Projects</a>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <a href="/reviews">Reviews</a>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <a href="/contact">Contact</a>
                    </li>
                </ul>
                <ul>
                    <li>
                        <h2>Services</h2>
                    </li>
                    <li>Service1</li>
                    <li>Service2</li>
                    <li>Service4</li>
                    <li>Service5</li>
                </ul>
                <ul>
                    <li>
                        <h2>Contact</h2>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <a href="/contact">
                            {{client.address.lineOne}}<br>
                            {{client.address.lineTwo}}<br>
                            {{client.address.city}}
                            {{client.address.state}}
                            {{client.address.zip}}
                        </a>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <a href="tel:{{client.phoneForTel}}">
                            T:
                            {{client.phoneFormatted}}
                        </a>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <a href="mailto:{{client.email}}">Click to Email</a>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </div>
        </div>
    </div>

    <div class="credit">
        <span>Designed and Hand Coded by</span>
        <a href="/" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Your Company Name</a>
        <span class="copyright">
            Copyright {% year %} - Present</span>
    </div>
</footer>
```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\_includes\components\header.html`:

```````html
<!-- ============================================ -->
<!--                 Navigation                   -->
<!-- ============================================ -->

<header id="cs-navigation">
    <div class="cs-container">
        <!--Nav Logo-->
        <a href="/" class="cs-logo" aria-label="back to home" tabindex="2">
            <img src="/assets/svgs/logo-black.svg" alt="" width="210" height="29" aria-hidden="true" decoding="async">
        </a>
        <!--Navigation List-->
        <nav class="cs-nav" role="navigation">
            <!--Mobile Nav Toggle-->
            <button class="cs-toggle" id="mobile-menu-toggle" aria-expanded="false" aria-controls="cs-expanded-ul" aria-label="mobile menu toggle" tabindex="4">
                <div class="cs-box" aria-hidden="true">
                    <span class="cs-line cs-line1" aria-hidden="true"></span>
                    <span class="cs-line cs-line2" aria-hidden="true"></span>
                    <span class="cs-line cs-line3" aria-hidden="true"></span>
                </div>
            </button>
            <!-- We need a wrapper div so we can set a fixed height on the cs-ul in case the nav list gets too long from too many dropdowns being opened and needs to have an overflow scroll. This wrapper acts as the background so it can go the full height of the screen and not cut off any overflowing nav items while the cs-ul stops short of the bottom of the screen, which keeps all nav items in view no matter how mnay there are-->
            {# This also allows for easy substitution of CodeStitch navigations. Just replace the .cs-ul-wrapper in the new navigation with this one to have full eleventyNavigation support #}
            <div class="cs-ul-wrapper">
                <ul id="cs-expanded" class="cs-ul">
                    {% set navPages = collections.all | eleventyNavigation %}

                    {# Loop through all pages with a eleventyNavigation in the frontmatter #}
                    {% for entry in navPages %}

                        {# Define a hasChild variable to make it easier to test what navigation items are have child dropdown pages #}
                        {% set hasChild = entry.children.length %}

                        {# Check the frontmatter for hideOnMobile/hideOnDesktop. Form a list of classes to be joined when the item is rendered #}
                        {% set hideClasses = [] %}
                        {% if entry.hideOnMobile %}
                            {% set hideClasses = (hideClasses.push("cs-hide-on-mobile"), hideClasses) %}
                        {% endif %}
                        {% if entry.hideOnDesktop %}
                            {% set hideClasses = (hideClasses.push("cs-hide-on-desktop"), hideClasses) %}
                        {% endif %}

                        {# If this page is a dropdown, give it the appropriate classes, icons and accessibility attributes #}
                        <li class="cs-li {% if hasChild %} cs-dropdown {% endif %} {{ hideClasses | join(" ") }}">

                            {# If the page has child dropdown pages, render it as a <button> tag with the appropriate dropdown HTML #}
                            {% if hasChild %}

                                {# Check to see if the user's current page is one of the child pages. If so, apply the cs-active class to the dropdown parent #}
                                {% set activeClass = "" %}
                                {% for child in entry.children %}
                                    {% if child.url == page.url %}
                                        {% set activeClass = "cs-active" %}
                                    {% endif %}
                                {% endfor %}

                                {# Render the <button> with the active class, dropdown icon and child links #}
                                <button 
                                    class="cs-li-link cs-dropdown-button {{ activeClass }}"
                                    aria-expanded="false"
                                    aria-controls="dropdown-{{ entry.key }}"
                                    aria-label="dropdown-{{ entry.key }}"
                                >
                                    {{ entry.key }}
                                    <img class="cs-drop-icon" src="https://csimg.nyc3.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/Icons%2Fdown.svg" alt="dropdown icon" width="15" height="15" decoding="async" aria-hidden="true">
                                </button>

                                {# Dropdowns have another ul/li set up within the parent li, which gets rendered in the same way as a normal link #}
                                <ul class="cs-drop-ul" id="dropdown-{{ entry.key }}">
                                    {% for child in entry.children %}
                                        <li class="cs-drop-li">
                                            <a href="{{ child.url }}" class="cs-li-link cs-drop-link">{{ child.key }}</a>
                                        </li>
                                    {% endfor %}
                                </ul>
                            {% else %}
                                {# Normal pages are rendered as <a> tags, in the normal way you'd expect #}
                                <a href="{{ entry.url }}" class="cs-li-link {% if entry.url == page.url %} cs-active {% endif %}" {% if entry.url == page.url %} aria-current="page" {% endif %}>
                                    {{ entry.key }}
                                </a>
                            {% endif %}
                        </li>
                    {% endfor %}
                </ul>
            </div>
        </nav>
        <a href="/contact" class="cs-button-solid cs-nav-button">Contact Us</a>
        <!--Dark Mode toggle, uncomment button code if you want to enable a dark mode toggle-->
        <button id="dark-mode-toggle" aria-label="dark mode toggle" tabindex="3">
            <svg class="cs-moon" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 480 480" style="enable-background:new 0 0 480 480" xml:space="preserve"><path d="M459.782 347.328c-4.288-5.28-11.488-7.232-17.824-4.96-17.76 6.368-37.024 9.632-57.312 9.632-97.056 0-176-78.976-176-176 0-58.4 28.832-112.768 77.12-145.472 5.472-3.712 8.096-10.4 6.624-16.832S285.638 2.4 279.078 1.44C271.59.352 264.134 0 256.646 0c-132.352 0-240 107.648-240 240s107.648 240 240 240c84 0 160.416-42.688 204.352-114.176 3.552-5.792 3.04-13.184-1.216-18.496z"/></svg>
            <img class="cs-sun" aria-hidden="true" src="https://csimg.nyc3.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/Icons%2Fsun.svg" decoding="async" alt="moon" width="15" height="15">
        </button>
    </div>
</header>
```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\_includes\layouts\base.html`:

```````html
<!-- A fully fleshed-out <head>, dynamically changing based on client.json and the page front matter -->

<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
    <head>
        <!-- Standard meta tags -->
        <meta charset="UTF-8">
        <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge">
        <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
        <meta name="description" content="{{ description }}">
        <meta name="keywords" content="">
        <link rel="canonical" href="{{ client.domain }}{{ page.url }}">

        <!--Social Media Display-->
        <meta property="og:title" content="{{ title }}"/>
        <meta property="og:description" content="{{ description }}"/>
        <meta property="og:type" content="website"/>
        <meta property="og:url" content="{{ client.domain }}{{ page.url }}"/>
        <meta property="og:image" content="/assets/images/logo-small.png"/>
        <meta property="og:image:secure_url" content="/assets/images/logo-small.png"/>

        <!--Favicons-->
        <link rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="180x180" href="/assets/favicons/apple-touch-icon.png">
        <link rel="icon" type="image/png" sizes="32x32" href="/assets/favicons/favicon-32x32.png?v1">
        <link rel="icon" type="image/png" sizes="16x16" href="/assets/favicons/favicon-16x16.png">
        <link rel="manifest" href="/assets/favicons/site.webmanifest">
        <meta name="msapplication-TileColor" content="#da532c">
        <meta name="theme-color" content="#ffffff">

        <!-- Preloads -->
        <link rel="preload" as="image" href="/assets/svgs/logo-white.svg">
        <link rel="preload" as="font" type="font/woff2" href="/assets/fonts/roboto-v29-latin-regular.woff2" crossorigin>
        <link rel="preload" as="font" type="font/woff2" href="/assets/fonts/roboto-v29-latin-700.woff2" crossorigin>

        <!-- Preload an image - tag not rendered if preloadImg is blank to stop console errors -->
        {% if preloadImg != '' %}
            <link rel="preload" as="image" href="{{ preloadImg }}"/>
        {% endif %}

        <!-- Sitewide Stylesheets and Scripts -->
        <link rel="stylesheet" href="/assets/css/root.css">
        <link rel="stylesheet" href="/assets/css/dark.css">
        <script defer src="/assets/js/dark.js"></script>
        <script defer src="/assets/js/nav.js"></script>

        {% block head %}{% endblock %}

        <title>{{ title }}</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <!--Screen reader skip main nav-->
        <a class="skip" aria-label="skip to main content" href="#main" tabindex="1">Click To Skip To Main Content</a>

        {% include "components/header.html" %}
        <main id="main">
            {% block body %}{% endblock %}
        </main>
        {% include "components/footer.html" %}

    </body>
</html>
```````

`\\?\C:\Work\ZZ\Webkit\Website-Kit\src\_includes\layouts\post.html`:

```````html
{% extends "layouts/base.html" %}

{% block head %}
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="/assets/css/blog.css">

    <script type="application/ld+json">
        {
            "@context": "https://schema.org",
            "@type": "Article",
            {% if title %}"headline": "{{ title }}",{% endif %}
            {% if image %}
                "image": ["{{ image }}"],
            {% endif %}
            {% if date %}"datePublished": "{{ date | postDate }}",{% endif %}
            {% if client.name %}
                "publisher": {
                    "@type": "Organization",
                    "name": "{{ client.name }}"
                },
            {% endif %}
            {% if author %}
                "author": [
                    {
                        "@type": "Person",
                        "name": "{{ author }}"
                    }
                ],
            {% endif %}
            {% if description %}"articleBody": "{{ description | safe }}",{% endif %}
            {% if client.domain and page.url %}"url": "{{ client.domain }}{{ page.url }}",{% endif %}
            {% if tags %}"articleSection": "{{ tags }}"{% endif %}
        }
    </script>
{% endblock %}

{% block body %}
    <!-- ============================================ -->
    <!--                    LANDING                   -->
    <!-- ============================================ -->

    <section id="int-hero">
        <picture>
            <source media="(max-width: 600px)" srcset="/assets/images/cabinets2-m.jpg">
            <source media="(min-width: 601px)" srcset="/assets/images/cabinets2.jpg">
            <img aria-hidden="true" decoding="async" src="/assets/images/cabinets2.jpg" alt="kitchen cabinets" loading="eager" width="2500" height="1667">
        </picture>
    </section>

    <!-- ============================================ -->
    <!--              Main Blog Content               -->
    <!-- ============================================ -->

    <div class="blog-container main-content-wrapper">
        <!--Main content -->
        <div class="main-content">
            <!-- ============================================ -->
            <!--                  Blog Article                -->
            <!-- ============================================ -->

            <article class="blog-article">
                <!--Main Article Image-->
                <picture class="blog-mainImage">
                    <img src="{{ image }}" alt="{{ imageAlt }}" width="795" height="400" decoding="async"/>
                </picture>

                <!--Article Info-->
                <div class="article-group">
                    <h1 class="blog-h1">{{ title }}</h1>
                    <div class="blog-authorGroup">
                        <!--Author Image-->
                        <picture class="blog-author-img">
                            <img
                            src="/assets/svgs/profile.svg"
                            alt="house"
                            width="32"
                            height="32"
                            decoding="async">
                        </picture>
                        <span class="blog-author">{{ author }}</span>
                        <span aria-hidden="true" class="blog-dot"></span>
                        <!--Blog Date-->
                        <span class="blog-date">{{ date | postDate }}</span>
                    </div>
                </div>
                <section id="blog-content">
                    {{ content | safe }}
                </section>
            </article>
        </div>
        <!-- End .main-content -->

        {% include 'components/featured-post.html' %}
    </div>
{% endblock %}
```````